Red Gerard’s reaction to getting the 🥇 was one of the most pure things on this planet #Olympics
RED GERARD! #Olympics
So glad   is moving on to the next round! #Olympics
Millennial life  
This is all the GOP has ever been. The difference now is Trump has allowed them to stop even trying to pretend otherwise.  
Every time I hear a USA! USA! USA! chant I feel so embarrassed to be American. It’s so cringy.
The short track speed skating relay is pure insanity. What is even going on?! #Olympics
15 rainy miles in Central Park with three laps up Harlem Hill and two up Cat Hill. Then fucked by  , of course.
That’s exactly what we’re trying to do. At least he’s paying attention.  
Mike Pence sucks
It couldn’t be the fault of a disgusting rapist predator, no way. It’s definitely the fault of 160+ women and girls.  
#Rule40 is terrible  
Friends who still work at Tumblr, I heard the news. I'm so sorry. 9E for lyyyyyyyfe!!!!!
I need this  
Is it too early for third breakfast?
I ran six days in a row for the first time since Chicago training and my legs feel pretty great the next day, like they want to go another six days.
It's hurtful to children, teens, young adults, and the all of our future when you,  , actively work against already marginalized groups of students  
I’ve never claimed to not be a Cylon.  
Don't let me in your company's Slack  
Can't wait for   to go to war with the stock market and call it treasonous and anti-Trump #MAGA  
I have many questions here. Poor hamster. 😢  
It's so good. So much nostalgia.  
I'm watching NBC's stream and a reporter on the street got hit in the face with a cheesesteak which is about the most Philly thing ever  
I'll never be the kind of person who prefers listening to music by the song and not by the album.

I just can't grasp how people do the constant context switching from artist to artist. Even the best, most thought-out playlists have nothing on an album with perfect sequencing.
Flavor Flav stepped on my foot in a bar once and made a really big deal about apologizing, but only so that I'd actually turn to look at him and see who he was.  
Silicon Valley is now here to disrupt sleep!  
Will Trump and the GOP denounce DHS now?  Some good additions here!  
He has "the best people"  
#MAGA!  
#MAGA!  
This is a really great article that goes beyond Chelsea and hits on a lot of how I feel about the way we put people on pedestals and turn them into heroes.  
Things you only think to tweet when you’re an anti-Semite  
Congrats to everyone at   for an amazing accomplishment! #FalconHeavy
THIS IS ENTIRELY WILD  
Hey  , maybe next time I can be in the driver's seat of the car instead of a dummy? Get me off this damn planet
HOLY SHIT FUCKING LANDING SIDE-BY-FUCKING-SIDE! #FalconHeavy
IT'S DOING IT!!!
#FalconHeavy DIDN'T BLOW UP THE LAUNCH PAD!!!
FOUR MINUTES!!!!! #FalconHeavy
I hate RTing a promoted TSA tweet, but seriously, trans folks, if you can do this, get on it! It eases the stress of flying while trans by a lot.  
I'm going to be really upset if the #FalconHeavy launch gets scrubbed today  
Jersey City is the most diverse city/town in NJ!

We here moved from the #5 town on this list and both have been the best places I've lived.

 
*joins a Go Slack org*

*someone immediately calls something "reed"*

*closes the Slack org forever*
"I care more about corporate profits than whether or not babies and children eat"  
Given the way the performance and space is laid out, this doesn’t surprise me at all because people have no idea how to keep their hands to themselves.  
With my last dying breath, I will utter the words “LGBT is not an acronym.”
Why should any of us care how much money these rich people lost because a thing that exists to make rich people richer based on speculation dropped?  
“Alexa, how old is Chris Hardwick?”

“Sophie Flay, the daughter of celebrity chef Bobby Flay, is 21.”

“Hey Siri, how old is Chris Hardwick?”

“Chris Hardwick is 46.”
ANOTHER ONE BITES THE DUST  
Everything okay over there Wall Street?  
YAY STOCK MARKET!
Huh?  
Huh?  
Maybe don’t use MLK to sell shit? #SBLII
A root for the Patriots is a root for Trump. #SBLII
RT if you’re hosting the below Foodbowl party  
GIMME ALL THE PUUPIES! #PuppyBowl
Important thread about the level on which #TheGoodPlace is operating  
In a matter of five minutes an argument at work about the proper way to line break a ternary statement moved to whether or not McDonald's apple pies are raviolis to the the difference between "renal" and "colon" to what constitutes a constitutional crisis in our country.

😬🔫
Has anyone run the Orca Half Marathon in Seattle? Tell me about it! #bibrave #runchat
That is a gigantic maintenance window  
It's strange to be reviewing a pull request that outlines documentation and standards for how to review a pull request. So meta.
A dude on a crowded   just called me a “sick fuck tranny bitch” and threatened to kill me and the guy who spoke up to him because I bumped him accidentally while getting on the, again, crowded train.
Hey  , it you!  
I never thought I’d be sitting here listening to   explain blockchain to me, but here we are
The bot is getting too real  
This happens constantly, right down to the dying alone with my cat thing.  
The first half of my run tonight felt kind of meh, but after hitting my turnaround point I totally hit the zone while thinking about how awesome   is.
He is running for Senate and advocating stripping US citizens of their Constitutional rights and detaining them off of US soil without being charged of any crimes.    
Sweet, got my registration for the #PopularBKHalf. It felt like trying to pre-order a new iPhone in the middle of the night.
*All* software has bugs.

more code = more bugs  
I’m not the only one who thinks it’s wild that headphones trick our brains into thinking music is literally coming from the center of our heads, right?
I have no idea if this is a controversial opinion or not, but "Semi-Charmed Life" is still catchy as hell
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  !!!
I hope she chose the weed  
I can't tell you how many times I had to stop and think about how to write a for loop during an interview  
I had a dream last night that I met  . I tried to take a selfie with her, but I was invisible to the camera.
Thank you,  , for calling attention to violence against trans youth
*mutes every single pundit for the next week*
I’m starting to think this president might not be at his job
Yup, he’s going to kill us all. #SOTU
He literally doesn’t understand anything at all. Like just nothing at all. #SOTU
He says “fully secures the border” as if that’s a thing that’s even close to possible. #SOTU
ICE is an inhuman terrorist organization. #SOTU
I can’t even put together the appropriate words for the hate he’s stirring up right now against people of color and immigrants. #SOTU
If Trump and his admin actually cared about people who are ill, we’d have universal healthcare and legal marijuana. #SOTU
Removing regulations isn’t exactly something to brag about in a capitalist country #SOTU
“the war on beautiful clean coal” - the president of a country that is falling behind the rest of the world #SOTU
God the pundits are going to eat this up and fawn over how much of a big boy Donnie was tonight #SOTU
Since he’s taking credit for the economic wave he inherited from Obama, I’m sure that means he’ll take the blame when it crashes #SOTU
I’m pretty sure half of them are asleep. #SOTU  
Someone please punch   is his damn smug face for me? #SOTU
He’s really going to call for unity? Really? The most hateful person to serve as president ever is calling for unity? EAT A DICK YOU BIGOTED PIECE OF SHIT. #SOTU
I guess they figured they could sneak this bullshit through #SOTU  
“For all Americans” my fucking tranny ass. #SOTU
Why do we have to listen to him clapping into the mic for himself? #SOTU
I still can’t look at his face without thinking “how the fuck is he president?” #SOTU
Ugh. #SOTU2018
Forgive me for not getting excited about billionaires doing well, anything  
Computers are bad and I hate them
So he's not even going to try to be "presidential?" But pundits will still grade him on based on a bar that's fallen to the ground and then rolled into a bottomless pit.  
1) That's a really solid tracklist, but also quite long.

2) One of the tour dates is at the bar where   and I went for the second half of our first date.  
Hell yes  
Guys, we don't have to pit cats and dogs against each other. Both species are literally the best and need to be celebrated equally.  
Guys, we don't have to pit cats and dogs against each other. Both species are literally the best and need to be celebrated equally.  
There is so much wrong just in the first two paragraphs here, but the saddest is that how our country is run is a spectator sport and entertainment rather than something we are all actively a part of.    
Honestly,   deserves to be getting dragged right now, their privacy options are awful. And they’ve been so awful for so long as to clearly be by design. They’re reckless and disrespectful of their users.
#ReleaseThePeeTape  
Chris Christie was supposed to fade into oblivion. No one cares what has to say.  
I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about here  
If your cereal serving size isn't the entire box, why are you even bothering with cereal?
Walk into the apartment after my run and it’s the Great Cat Escape. Hattie runs out and goes downstairs. Leela runs out and runs all the way up to the top floor. Nibbler runs to the building door. Fry was the only smart one.
Music has always been about politics.  
Everyone is dunking on his grammar, but missing the use of “who” instead of “whom.”  
I WANT A CONSOLATION PUPPY! #GRAMMYs
I hate every single thing about this tweet  
Dave Chappelle is an example of someone who said some transphobic stuff and now that’s all I can think of when I see them. It kinda sucks.
You mean instead of making this something that solely women and POC have to think about and deal with? #GRAMMYs  
I’m sorry, but who actually enjoys Sam Smith? I’ve never been able to understand this. Don’t   me. #GRAMMYs
Fucking Bono #GRAMMYs
What if both are great and there is no one-size-fits-all “ideal” race distance? Is that an option?  
Huh. This is interesting  
What is it that you think happens in schools where it’d matter what someone’s sexuality is? This is a serious question. I want  an answer.  
You don’t deserve to have fans if you do crap like this  
Pretty impressive that Will Ferrell was in *every single* SNL sketch last night, including Weekend Update. Who was the last host to do that?
Boat.  
Fog in, tide out  
Hank fucking Scorpio  
I went into the bedroom to change for my run and ended up taking a two hour nap with Fry because he cried cuddles
Remember when Marc Benioff spoke at    
This entire thread is how I finally got   to watch Star Wars with me  
How people who are innocent act…  
"C is very effective for what it does, but it's very easy to eat your face" -  
well actually here's my stupid opinion that you definitely didn't ask for and definitely don't want
Working at Google sounds terrible if you're a woman, LGBT, or non-white.  
If you want me to open your marketing email, put one of my cat's names in the subject line.  
We knew this would happen under Trump, but at least he held the pride flag (upside-down) that one time!  
Geez, I turn around for one second and all of a sudden my timeline is all flamethrowers
I mean, we all have already assumed Elon Musk is basically Hank Scorpio, right?  
This runner tried [some food/exercise] for [unit of time] this is what happened [link].
Invite me to all your Slacks  
Listen to Hollie about running shoes. She sells them for a living and knows what's up.  
Look man, I want a lot of things too. For one, men to just STFU when talking to or about women.  
It makes me really happy to see that the first female Doctor is also being paid properly for the role.

Though, one has to wonder if a male actor would have gotten more because inflation and such.  
Please wish   a happy birthday because she is fucking amazing and knows literally all the memes! 🦄🎂🎁🎉🧀🐈  
I wasn't expecting to have to explain the dangers of mixing opioids and alcohol to my cat, but I guess nothing surprises me anymore
I think coworkers might be starting to think I'm a bit strange because of how seriously I take bagels
Halfway through my pre-run warmup this evening I decided I didn’t actually feel like running and at dinner instead.
When   won’t let me get more cats  
Another day, another fight  
I married this  
And, apparently, it’s infected. Goddamit, Nibbler. It’s constantly something with these cats.  
Oh, Brendan, no  
“The only way to fix murder is more murder”
I tried to make a PB&amp;J, but Nibbler just stole all the bread right out of my hands so I guess that's that.
I tried to make a PB&amp;J, but Nibbler just stole all the bread right out of my hands so I guess that's that.
OH I'M SORRY WE DECIDED WE DON'T WANT TO DRINK GARBAGE BEER  
I'm really not feeling the trailer for the Heathers reboot
The only winning move is to not play  
A lot of cis men seem to really get off on giving unsolicited feedback as if it proves they have the most important dick in the room.
Elegant code that increases cognitive load is not good code.
What’s that? Shitty “feminist” being shitty? Didn’t see that coming 🙄  
Starting to get worried that I still have my cold from Disney and my cough is getting worse.
*requests off work*  
What percentage of the population has superpowers?  
I would do some seriously unholy shit if it would mean this damn cough would go away
Thankful for meeting awesome internet friends like   who will help further my descent into being one with bowls of noodles
Either Eleanor and Bad Janet or Eleanor and Chidi or Bad Janet and Chidi.

HELP I DON'T KNOW WHO I AM!  
Fred Lebow Manhattan Half Marathon race recap   #FLMH #bibchat  
Has anyone checked on Philly yet? Is the city still standing?
SUPER BOWL! #PHLvsMIN
Eagles are making mincemeat of the Vikings defense #PHLvsMIN
I don’t know if I straight up just stabbed my needle into a nerve or what, but I’ve never felt pain like I just felt giving myself this week’s injection.
Foles is looking mighty good tonight #PHLvsMIN
But our media talks about everything in politics like it’s a game and who is winning and losing instead of actually giving a single fuck about the lives that are affected.  
So I see the Eagles won’t be playing defense tonight #PHLvsMIN
Let’s go birds! #PHLvsMIN
Neil. Please.  
Danielle: Joe Buck’s hair is a disaster
Me: Joe Buck is a disaster
Fucking Patriots
Never fall in love with a guy named Chad
We are all Jessica Chastain in “What Even Matters Anymore“   via  
Be the bagel you wish to see in the world
Yeah, well,   totally snubbed me for a high-five at the finish today so blah!  
Our cats are so athletic they’re blurry! #FLMH  
It’s really, really hard to have sympathy for Trump voters who are getting screwed when their votes also took the rest of us down with them.  
The saddest human being alive  
Honestly, we’re really lucky the Trump Admin is as inept as it is.  
Hills and bagels for breakfast this morning at the Fred Lebow Manhattan Half! #FLMH #bibchat  
I *never* skip over a gif/video of Richard Spencer getting punched in the face  
I couldn’t agree more with every single line of this  
When your tests pass locally, but not in Jenkins and you start throwing things against the wall  
This Product Hunt email really lands for me. cc:                        
I've been coding for 12+ years and I'm still amazed every single time I run my code and it like does stuff.
A very easy thing to do that can make a big difference for a lot of people  
I saw  's doppelgänger in the window of a coffee shop this morning and freaked out for a second that "TIM HOLMAN IS BACK IN NEW YORK!!!" I was disappointed when I saw it wasn't actually him.
I'm going to be honest with y'all, sometimes it takes everything I've got to resist the urge to be petty af and laugh in someone's face for literally wasting their entire day because they wouldn't just take my suggestion seriously.
You know you're a runner when you think 6.2 is a more even number than 6.
👇  
[POLL] The volume of my noodle/bagel related content is:
It depresses me to no end that   let Giphy roll in and eat its gif lunch  
Apparently, my noodles are cis  
I got added to a Slack channel at work called #snackcommittee and I feel extremely validated
SO SO SO SO glad that Jersey City didn't make this list.  
I kinda want to download this and sign up just to see how bad it is  
BAGELS!
Never seen a website do this before. You can’t even scroll the thing.  
If Carolina Reapers aren’t the first ingredient in your “Carolina Reaper hot sauce,” why are you even making hot sauce?
Hell yes  
Few things make me cringe more than hearing sales people talk about productivity and work habits
Dems trying to court Republicans is so fetch  
I couldn't agree with this more. I really wish we'd do more one-season-and-done shows in the US.

Everything has to end sooner or later and when it comes to TV, sooner is almost always better. Go out high.  
I couldn't agree with this more. I really wish we'd do more one-season-and-done shows in the US.

Everything has to end sooner or later and when it comes to TV, sooner is almost always better. Go out high.  
These cats have absolutely zero chill
This is 100% accurate of my experience with Alexa and all our Hue lights and Harmony Hub and, well, pretty much everything we ask of our Echo Dot.  
If a company's hiring practices expect you to have side projects or hold not having them against you, take that as an indication of what they think of work/life balance.  
I wonder what it’s like to have both this pathetic of an existence and this amount of free time.    
Considering how much time we spend in our browsers, I really wish MacOS and iOS integrated browser tabs into the system level application switcher. (3rd party options for MacOS are disqualifyingly slow)
I’m just a girl in search of meatballs
We're looking for a backend engineer at  ! Come work with me!!  
People are trying to say the Aziz story is hurting the #metoo movement, but I see it as one of the most important stories thus far. It shows how normalized the behavior is. The problem isn't just the glaring extremes, but the everyday encounters.
*procrastinates as long as possible before having to open Xcode*
The year is 2018 and the Browser Wars™ are still going strong  
I did not know this was a thing!  
I’ll be 35 years old in April and I still haven’t been a part of a good old fashioned heist. That’s fucked up.
Man, he got his feelings hurt right quick.    
The most sensitive and insecure people on the planet are (white) men.  
Nobody told me when we decided to keep Nibbler that having a longish-haired cat would mean having to occasionally bathe is damn asshole.
😢  
And then as he turned back to give her a death stare, I shoulder checked him too.  
Should I be concerned about how smokey the Fulton St   AC platform is?
GOOD NEWS EVERYONE TRUMP ISN’T A RACIST!  
Accurate.  
Can Fred Armisen just go away already?
This is a steal! Add some fizz and electrolytes to your water!  
Sleeves, X-Files, smoothie, Mickey straw. Perfect Sunday.  
The response of someone who thinks the only way to have sex is to force a woman into it.

Also, a homophobe.  
If you don’t get an uncoerced ‘yes’ (or other affirmative) each step of the way, it’s sexual assault. Period.  
👏👏👏  
Goddammit, Aziz. Another fave that needs to disappear.  
Good god, being a lifelong Eagles fan has, for sure, stressed a decade off my life. #ATLvsPHI
Is there a way to have #LightroomCC (iOS) import all photos in a burst and Live Photos? #Lightroom
That is some serious dedication to your racism  
Good bot  
I could fill a book with the ones   and I have  
This album actually still holds up for me  
Full of noodles, just like I should be
I also recommend sleeping with a pile of cats on top of you  
Or, let's definitely be NYC's drug dealer and pass legislation that a percentage of the tax revenue must be used for   upgrades and expansion.  
Yeah, it wasn’t the language that was the problem, dude  
Disney World may be expensive, but for the most part, once you walk into the park, everyone gets the same experience. This changes that and creates classes of visitors in the parks. 👎  
This is great news! Surprised to see Chris Christie actually doing something good for Liberty State Park, as a contrast to his repeated attempts to ruin it.  
When you're writing a line of code you know will never make it through code review  
If you're not willing to allow for people to grow and move past who they used to be, what are you fighting for? Isn't getting people to change the thing you're trying to do?  
I'm breaking my #DopeyChallenge recaps into a bunch of smaller posts rather than one or two gigantic ones. I'm posting the first three today.
My mom wouldn't let me get any of the Suicide Machines albums because of their name  
Murder. The word you're looking for is murder. You're suggesting murdering someone. Murder.  
This bot tweet is basically relevant every single day of the Trump Admin / GOP Congressional majority  
The state of software at Apple is simply embarrassing anymore  
Okay, MRA asshats, looks like you’ll also have to give up Advil. Enjoy your headaches!!  
Okay, MRA asshats, looks like you’ll also have to give up Advil. Enjoy your headaches!!  
How Leela greets me after I’ve been away  
Can’t believe the Main Street USA tree was up for the entire trip  
Goddammit.  
Just had a surprisingly nice interaction with TSA at MCO. My lube for my dialators caused my bag to be pulled aside. The guy who went through pulled them out of my bag and listened when I said it was a medical device.
*Googles “meerkats as pets”*

*Googles “foxes as pets”*

*Googles “sugar gliders as pets”*

*Googles “tigers as pets”*

*Googles “bats as pets”*

*Googles “sloths as pets”*

*Googles “kangaroos as pets”*

*Googles “koalas as pets”*

*Googles “slow lories as pets”*
The only fair conclusion at this point is that   is a white supremacist nazi. There are no other reasonable explanations.  
Every little kid on a bus asked me this question!  
Huge ups to   for getting us on an earlier flight with no trouble.

Unfortunately, we’re not going to end up doing Haunted Mansion or Mad Tea Party because we have to hightail it out of Magic Kingdom to make our new flight.  
Look, I’d like to stay in Disney forever, but not like this  
Look how much a white man can accomplish when they make smart business decisions like not paying their employees living wages or even treating them like humans.  
You’d think at some point, someone, would get it enough to just say “maybe we shouldn’t?”  
I almost wish I knew the bliss of being this clueless. Imagine just being so unaware (or willfully uncaring) of everything around you. That sounds like such a happy existence. Such privilege.  
“Hopefully”  
Really good thread about something I struggle to grapple with everyday.  
Someone pass the popcorn, please  
Pushing hard in mile 26. #WDWMarathon #runDisney #DopeyChallenge  
Having a cold on vacation is not ideal
For whom?  
What a shitshow. Glad I’m not home yet.  
This is absurd  
When you try to jump at the finish line of a marathon. #DopeyChallenge #WDWMarathon  
13th marathon, 6th #wdwmarathon, 3rd #DopeyChallenge, and 6th #GoofyChallenge in the books! And with a new course PR!
Isn’t this always the case?  
Final #DopeyChallenge Flat Amy. Just a marathon to go! #runDisney #WDWMarathon25 #WDWMarathon  
It was real disappointing to have to deal with a transphobic   /   security guard at #WDWHalf who insisted on repeatedly misgendering me and chasing me down and holding me for his supervisor after I got angry about it. #runDisney #WDWMarathon25 #WDWMarathon
Had breakfast with boat Donald. He’s much less angry when he has a boat.  
Invisible snowboard #WDWHalf finish! #DopeyChallenge #runDisney #WDWMarathon25  
.   IRL side-eyes so much I think her eyes might stick like that
Will never tire of #rundisney race starts! #WDWHalf #DopeyChallenge #WDWMarathon25  
I can’t tell you how many race photos I have of me doing this pose. #WDW10k #runDisney…  
Flat Amy for the #runDisney #WDWHalf! #DopeyChallenge #WDWMarathon25  
This dumbo PRed today  
These days, I think busting might be better than Hollywood Studios  
Oh god, I can’t with this  
If you have to be up at balls o’clock in the morning and standing outside in 33° weather, I suggest doing it with  . Her constant screaming will warm your soul.
I’ve been thinking a lot lately how we refer to being active/fit as “being in shape” as if you can’t be active and exercise without being thin or “athletic looking”  
Flat Amy for #DopeyChallenge day two! Minus many pre-race layers, of course. #runDisney  
The guy behind me made fun of me for having so much fun at the #WDWMarathon 5k. #runDisney…  
Give me bread or give me death!

Really, either is acceptable.
I checked into every country on a lap around the World Showcase and Swarm rate limited me and stopped giving me coins
When it’s a #runDisney Marathon Weekend  
Disney World is stupid crowded unlike I’ve ever seen before. Also, cold.
Trump and Republicans are dismantling this country and planet to squeeze every dime out of it they can  
No.  
This is so dumb and idiotic. Sessions isn’t tough on crime, he’s just a bigoted asshole.  
It was a very cold start to the #WDWMarathon 5k today. #runDisney #DopeyChallenge  
Good, coherent bot tweet  
There’s not enough 🍿 in the world for this Trump / Bannon feud
And the 1st of 4 #DopeyChallenge Flat Amys. 5k bright and early at 5:30am tomorrow! #runDisney  
This is significantly not good  
The last 24 hours are bringing all kinds of bad news for anyone who thought 2018 wouldn’t be wacky  
If you think I’m a sociopath and want to de-contextualize my comments, why do you follow me?  
I love Disney World a fucking lot, but good god are   race expos a mess every time. #wdwmarathon #runDisney
Nope. I don’t. Not even a little bit.

I also don’t care what other people feel about the thing that brings me joy in life.  
Phil is always bringing bad news 😕  
Weird side-effect of iPhone X is I now read SpaceX as “Space Ten”  
🙌👏🙌👏🙌👏🙌  
Yup, just got out of Twitter jail because a generic joke to a friend is not okay, but legit threats of violence against women, LGBT people, and POC are totally fine.  
But I got suspended for 12 hours because I said “kill all men.”  
Jersey City is pretty tasty. You should be here if you like food!  
Why is this a tweet? You are not good, Oath. In fact, you’re bad.  
It might be wrong to RT a random reply in a conversation you’re not a part of and without context, but please, people, be a responsible seltzer owner!  
No idea what a Logan Paul is, but it seems like that’s for the better
Here lies Meelz. She was really good with the cats so she had a great time.  
Box cat triple threat  
It’s hard enough packing for a regular racecation, but four races and a week in Disney World with temps ranging from 30°-70° means I might as well pack everything I own.
Best thing about New Year’s Day is always the #TwilightZone marathon on  
My 2018 goals  
My 2018 goals  
Lies  
If your resolution isn’t following  , you’re making a mistake
It’s over! 2017 is over!

Good luck people still being held hostage by 2017, the East Coast is freeeeeeeeee!
Fuck you, 2017, get fucked. It’s 2018 time*.

*2018, you can probably get fucked too, but let’s see what you got. Please, be better than 2016 and 2017?
22 minutes left in 20-fucking-17.
Can you imagine a fate worse than having to go back to 2017?  
“You’re full of trail mix”

I don’t think I’ve ever tweeted about trail mix how does the bot know about trail mix???  
Since moving to Jersey City,    and I have spent our NYEs playing party games with   and   . Now that they’ve moved to Atlanta, we’re trying to find party games we can play remotely.
Please, for the sake of all that is good (if good even still exists), Instagram. 

Instagram and Facebook ads are like gender dysphoria minefield.  
Why has the neighbor been blasting carnival music for the last half hour?
Evergreen bot tweet  
My last minute reflections on my 2017    
One day I’ll learn how to flip an omelette instead of just turning it into a scramble
“Look in the tunk”

“He must mean trunk”  
This is basically what I’ve slowly been trying to achieve over the last few years, but actually articulated into words  
This damn woman in Crocodile
Me: I’m not going to blow all my gift cards right away! I’m going to save them for later.

Also me: *blows all her gift cards five days after Christmas*
Best mani photo ever?  
Coffee, Rapid Reboot compression sleeves, cats, and Ash vs The Evil Dead. Not a bad way to spend your morning.
This seems like something that should be getting more attention  
When your run is unexpectedly icy with a thin layer of snow hiding the ice, it really pays to know your route so well that you know where every single puddle forms so you can avoid slipping on ice.
All I wanted to do was put ONE cardboard box into the recycling and this happened  
My hands are killing me today. Every. Single. Time. I type `:w`, they add a damn `q`.
Hi, I was wrong. These colors have grown on me and now I think I love the design and can't wait to get one. (Though, I would still prefer the more classic blue with yellow colors)  
This is really good and worth a watch if you care at all about what it's like to be a trans woman simply existing in public space.  
Who do I need to add to my #runDisney #WDWMarathon Twitter list for this year?
Healthy food costs more.

Gym access costs money.

Workout clothes cost money.

Working out requires having time to workout. “Making time” almost always requires a certain level of financial stability.

And this is just the monetary cost aspect.  
Exactly this.

Same goes for the existence of LGBT (especially T) people. We've always been around in the same kind of numbers. We only recently started feeling safe and having platforms to come out of the shadows.  
These #TheLastJedi takes make me like the movie more and more with each day.

(spoilers, obvi)  
280 has made me so lazy with how I compose tweets. Less succinct, more verbose.
I’ve been coding for 12 years (10 professionally) and I still love typing stuff into a computer that makes it do new things.

It’s challenging and exciting, but easy to fall into a rut if you don’t change it up as soon as the challenge disappears from you projects.  
This episode of Mythbusters is testing if banana peels are actually slippery.

I DON’T HAVE TO WATCH THE EPISODE TO KNOW THAT THEY ARE! I HAVE SLIPPED ON A BANANA PEEL AND FALLEN ALL THE WAY TO THE GROUND TWICE IN MY LIFE!
If you need me, I’ll be on the couch taking advantage of the best purchase I’ve ever made  
I wish I hadn’t waited all day to read this thread  
NYPD is problematic af still, but notice how NYC continues to get more and more diverse yet the crime rate continues to drop?  
Of course Twitter doesn't see any issue with the account that literally searched my tweets to find things to fuel their bigotry and screenshot to incite their fellow bigots to attack me. 

Of course, Twitter is okay with this. Because   is pro-nazi.
Geez, I had no idea Stan Lee is 95 years old.
I was actually too warm for most of my run, despite 0° windchill  
I should take advantage of working from home and go for a #runch, but I don’t wanna!  
Do y'all remember that time when Yoda and Obi-wan didn't hide for decades between trilogies?  
Why am I wasting my morning arguing with a guy on Twitter about Star Wars?
The truly sad thing about #TheLastJedi is it's the first Star Wars movie to introduce plot holes. 🙃  
If anything, the reaction of some men to #TheLastJedi just proves how little they understand storytelling and the real world.
It's not a reboot. It's a continuation of a story and, in that story, there's a progression that happens which results in Luke becoming a "cynical failure" and the Jedi becoming a religion that "should be burned down."

It's not a story if there's no progression.  
lol okay  
Uh huh  
I can be pretty fucking white and also think white people are a problem and need to get their shit together. Both of those things can be true.  
These people are such anti-Semitic and racist fucks that they will go SEARCHING through your old tweets to find ways to be bigoted towards you.

Like they can't even bear the thought of just not being horrible nazi racists.  
Has anyone had luck with pheromone collars for cats? Our vet suggested trying one for Leela before we try medicating her for her (extreme) emotional imbalances.
Wait, can talk about how Gene Belcher thinks avocado toast is “bad and boring???”
#TheRatio  
So I’m guessing your dog wasn’t saying “Merry Christmas” this year  
I miss Carrie Fisher
I miss Carrie Fisher
I'm even less excited for tech in 2018 than I was in 2017. I honestly don't want any of this with the exception of electric cars.  
Okay, but how do I exit the jacket?  
Gee, you don't fucking say  
Capitalism is designed to keep poor people poor  
me: Uggghhh I get a Carbon38 ad on every page load on Facebook!

Danielle, seconds later: Uhh I just got a Carbon38 ad on Instagram

Instagram is listening, yo. Always listening.
We’re taking all four cats to the vet today for their annual checkups and shots. Pray for us.

As for fecal samples, I grabbed four random ones from the litter boxes and am hoping for the best. They’re probably all Leela’s.
What a bean!  
Yes. Obviously.  
As 2017 ends, I wrote a bit about how much my life has changed since the final days of 2007. It's unfathomable.    
Sorry, can’t work today. I’ve come down with a case of cat lap.  
I agree with most of this. 

Two months in and I really love the iPhone X. It makes all other iPhones feel wrong.  
Happy Boxing Day from these two black box boys  
“Stop with the gaslighting! I’ll gaslight you into flames!” -   

😳
So you’re telling me I could eat twice as much rice? I’m in  
Each morning, there is a brief moment in my timeline where bots sync up and take over  
Jodie!!!
Just when we finally got the house rid of the glitter from Christmas last year, my mom buries us under a fresh batch.
Merry Tax-mas!
It’s interesting watching people who have their own shitty track records drag Vice (and others). Maybe just 🤐 and sit it out because you’re not much better?
I hate this. I can hear you breathing hard trying to keep up. I know that’s not sustainable for you.  
May or may not have just impulse bought a pair of Rapid Reboot recovery sleeves as a gift to ourselves.
Fucking Nibbler just stole my doughnut right out of my hand
Where to even start with this?  
I wish I could stop sneezing right now
🎄🌃🗽  
I got my final severance check from Tumblr/Yahoo/Oath/Verizon today so I guess that’s that
🚨 This cat needs a home in NY! 🚨  
Hold up  Christmas is in three days? Damn. How'd that happen?
If you narc on something someone says in a safe space of friends, you're a piece of shit person.
Welp, it’s become self-hating  
To be fair, this is often better than when everything just works on the first try  
I had made it this far without hearing Last Christmas this year and then   ruined it all
On one hand, you gotta hope this would fracture the Trump base, but since it's America, he'd somehow win because we'd obviously find a way to elect someone even worse than Trump  
I tried to explain Sleep No More to my mom last night and now she wants to go. Watching her experience it will be its own experience.
Gosh, this sounds so terrible 🙄  
Has anyone else noticed the iPhone X seeming to be more aggressive with automatically re-trying FaceID on the lock screen with one of the last updates? I almost never have to force a retry anymore.
Seriously, traveling while trans is a nightmare.

Luckily, the only issue I've had is a TSA agent taking my dilators out and waving them around (he wasn't being transphobic, he legit didn't know what was in my bag, but it was so awkward).

Still, it's terrifying every time.  
Wait, I thought we were saying "Merry Christmas" again?  
First thing I said after walking into the office today was "there better be an everything bagel left or I'mma cut someone."

I guess I'm feeling comfortable here now.
It appears I am one mile from my yearly mileage PR and I’ve got seven more runs planned before the end of the year. #runchat
Between this and non-consensually choking women during sex,   seems like a real good dude! 🙄  
I, for one, welcome my impending cheese-related demise. cc:      
When a parody account dispenses a very accurate and existential tweet  
I fail to see the problem here    
This could be cool if it results in more desktop-level features getting into iOS apps and MacOS apps getting updated more frequently. But I wonder if it's a sign that Apple sees an EOL for MacOS in the next few years.  
Speaking of Tumblr, we have a new guy at Bitly who looks a lot like my last manager at Tumblr and it's really messing me up
Is the   dashboard faster than it used to be? Or am I losing my mind which is the more likely option.
Imagine not understanding what millennials need, want, and believe this badly  
When   sends you and   a Christmas gift  
"one vote doesn't count"  
100% agree with this  
Filling this epically bad take away for future lolz  
At least AP is straight about who actually benefits from this  
One of the biggest things you can do to reduce cognitive load as a developer is to favor code consistency in naming, patterns, and parameter order.
MOTHERFUCKER NOW I NEED TO FIND A NEW BAGEL PLACE  
.   will always have the best job title  
That was really hard to read. Oof.  
It’s new sock day  !  
😂😂😂  
Oh wow, the #TwitterPurge hashtag is filled with so many whiney white dudes who legitimately think being suspended from Twitter goes against Twitter's stance for net neutrality or that they're victims of targeted censorship. LOLOLOLOLOLOL.
This tweet is still bothering me. You’re not the feminist you think you are. You tear down other women constantly with crap like this.  
This tweet is still bothering me. You’re not the feminist you think you are. You tear down other women constantly with crap like this.  
This is why you need lifetime bans  
What is wrong with people?  
This is not what expected my day to bring when I woke up this morning.  
Oh, god, who fucking cares if people want to wear makeup when they work out or take photos?  
What the hell kind of ordering of months is this?  
Hi, don't hate me, but I have a new Snoke theory and I think it's actually the most interesting answer to who he was. (I will not be tweeting it here)
Not even one bit ashamed  
She’s just mad because she failed at trying to pawn off excess running clothes on me this morning  
What a wild fucking game, especially listening to half of it on the radio while driving. #NYGvsPHL
SantaCon is bad and should stop.  
Another step in Trump’s helping of conservatives in their attempt to erase trans people from existence  
Yeah, no one actually believed he wouldn't  
I'm only quote RTing this because I couldn't bring myself to regularly RT, her but I don't really have anything to add here.  
I’m so full of noodles it hurts to breathe.

I’ve become more noodle than flesh.
Uggghhhhh no second viewing of The Last Jedi will be soon enough
OMG I think I accidentally sneezed on someone on the train. It was a surprise sneeze and I barely got my mouth covered in time and I think some sneeze slipped through.

I’m a monster.
This is what we’re up against. You can’t reason with people who see the world like this.  
Carrie Fisher!
Fuckin Star Wars time, mutherfuckas!
   
The 2018 #BostonMarathon jacket is definitely a jacket.    
Well, the internet had a good run, I guess
I Ate Too Much, The Amelia Gapin Story
Excited to go to Oath's holiday party tonight and see all my Tumblr friends! Also excited for  's unofficial "Festival of Orbs" afterparty!
FYI, that news about Washington's football team changing their to the Redhawks isn't real. It's a sneaky fake.
Ah, there's that flip  
My legs were not pleased with a 10k run this morning after 8.3 miles 11 hours before.
I really wanted to go for the Moore pun in that last tweet
Get ready for the GOP to up their attacks on voting rights even more
What the fuck would we do without  black people?
How long until Trump dumps Moore because he didn’t win? Three more minutes?
What the hell is going on in my mentions?
Holy shit!!! I’m pleasantly shocked! 

Jones!

Also, fuck this country for even letting this be a contest.  
I’m so sick of white people constantly fucking up everything  
About to go to bed because I have to get up early tomorrow and I’m terrified I’ll wake up to a newly minted pedophile senator.
Happy Hanukkah!
What if, and I know this is a WILD idea, instead of spending all the money on developing things to deter homelessness, we instead spent the money on solving homelessness and gaving people places to live.  
Sitting at my desk minding my own business and a coworker comes over and just hands me a dumpling.
This is a surprise useful update to Twitter. But it would be nice if they also improved the 3rd party API in regards to threads as well.  
I don't think many of us really consider the cognitive load we put on ourselves by having to communicate via a dozen different platforms at any given time.
I'm in a running slump and it's a bummer.  
“I’m not a sexual harasser! I’ll prove it to you! Here’s what I say when I sexually harass!”  
Please take a moment and read this whole thread, but this tweet in particular nails what I've settled on as the most impactful way I personally can make a difference here.  
This is cruel  
This one pretty much takes care of itself  
Good god. That field is no joke.  
If you're not from NYC, please feel free to shut all the way up about this morning's explosion.

NYers are just annoyed their commutes got fucked up. No one is scared and we don't want your islamophobia. Get bent.
Just gonna bump this pre-280 tweet back up today  
I'm back as a 2018 Nuun Amabassador! #nuunlife #nuunambassador2018  
I’m okay, still at home. Haven’t heard from Danielle but she’s at personal training (so no phone) in a different part of city.
They like each other  
So I guess this is my #2017bestnine  
Watching Jordan Klepper try to eat the Trump McDonald’s meal was…rough
Being an Eagles fan is always so highly stressful
.  …

For: Kid touching, slavery

Against: Women voting, LGBT people  
Tree up, beer poured.  
Just thinking about this spread from wine and cheese at  ’s yesterday  
March! March? I have to wait until March?! Come  on!!  
March! March? I have to wait until March?! Come  on!!  
Oh no. Nibbler figured out he can hop up to the counter. It’s all over now.
I just found out that Hattie went viral on Tumblr again. Why did no one tell me??  
GIMME  
In addition to the internet, Al Gore also invented the Earth.  
What? Why? Who does this benefit?

This is inherently anti-consumer, anti-anyone-who-isn't-a-shareholder-or-CEO.

But it's Trump, so of course it is.  
The one constant in programming will always be that naming shit is hard and no matter what you name something it'll be the wrong decision.
It's not just iMessage that keeps me locked into iOS. I use AirDrop multiple times a day. It's so good.
The updated Feedly app looks fantastic on iPhone X. I may have to start using it again.  
What worries me is that this is what the Trump Admin wants to happen so they can use it to fuel Islamophobia.  
Fuck this. Fuck everything about it. Liberty State Park does not need a second marina. It's not an enhancement to public space if it's only useful to people rich enough afford a boat.

Details emerge about new Liberty State Park marina  
This thread went to places I did not expect and it was perfect.  
Name any type of cake that isn't gay. Go ahead try. They're gay.  
Read this multiple times if you have to  
Is this two “fucking good!” notifications in a row????

Though, I can’t help but notice the message between the two sentences that black lives are less important.  
The problem, I've found, with becoming a full-time vim user is my brain/fingers now expect every text field to use vim keys.
I feel like maybe they don’t know what the SLR in DLSR stands for?   via  
Twitter acting like it gives a shit about the harassment of women 😂😂😂  
I'm sure this is fine  
I feel like we go through this all the time.

I’m was a Sociology and Psychology major and did sales after college. I taught myself how to program and I’ve been doing that professionally for ten years now.  
"both parties are the same"  
I gave a lunch and learn at work today that, unexpectedly, ended up including the story of the time I sharted during the Disneyland Half Marathon. If you need me, I'll be somewhere never showing my face here again.
GIMME!  
Unpopular opinion: Bitcoin is bad.

It uses ridiculous amounts of energy and is, therefore, terrible for the environment. And it will, without a doubt, be used as another way to screw poor people over.

 
Maybe I'll do better with this lottery? #UnitedNYCHalf 🙃  
Congrats, Atlanta! #gapol  
That's not even a slippery slope, that's a cliff  
No no no no. Let’s stop praising people for doing literally the bare minimum of not supporting a pedophile. You don’t get rewarded for barely doing the right thing.  
We got ice cream  
I’m so glad Moffat is finally gone from Doctor Who  
Oh, come on, LinkedIn  
Just a warning to all y'all, don't give   your money. My wife ordered socks with her dead dog's face on them a month ago and hasn't received anything and their customer service refuses to help or give any information.
Love the Galen Rupp shade  
I would love to be able to do *anything* else on my computer while on a Google Hangout.
I'm sure CEOs will be happy to trickle those tax savings down to their employees whom they are already not happy about having to pay for the labor.  
Oh a whim, I decided to see if #boycottpatagonia was a thing and, of course, it is. Trump supporters are the most sensitive snowflakes on Earth.
That's all I need to know this is the right product to buy  
Trying to read an article on   feels like an all out assault on my sanity  
Grand Old Pedophiles  
Not messing around at all  
wat.  
People will literally never learn anything  
Ugh. Back at the vet again
Nibby was a very good boy at the vet today!  
I don't trust people who have pets and aren't stupidly obsessed with them
Ugh. Eagles are getting killed on penalties tonight. #SEAvsPHI
“Children don’t work hard enough to deserve health care.” -    
Ugh. Nibbler hasn’t really been eating the last few days and has bad diarrhea. Poor guy. Guess we’ll be going to the vet.
I’m excited!!!  
Disgusting.  
The people canvassing for   for the city council runoff are out of control. This is our house everyday.  
This is my best life  
“I grew up in Jawn Country”
😍😍😍  
All Republicans are bad people. Full stop.
Cool, I just dead-named myself
My   running sunglasses came today! I hope it’s sunny for tomorrow’s run so I can wear ‘em  
This isn’t a bug, it’s life advice  
Oh, neat, Fitness AR is free now! Fun app for Strava users!    
You're not making it any better  . The only way to fix things is to suspend Trump's account and remove all the nazis from your platform. Stop giving them special treatment.  
Increase in a few years means people won't see it until after midterm elections.  
FUCKKKKKKK FUCKKKKKK FUCKKKKK  
Seriously, though, HOLY FUCK.  
Seriously, though, HOLY FUCK.  
If only anything mattered anymore  
FUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKK  
Look, I know I'm always saying we need to chew gum and walk at the same time, but let's put off getting too sucked into this Flynn news until after the #TaxScam is dealt with today.
🍿🍿🍿  
Or, and stick with me here, instead of trying to live longer, we steer the Earth into the Sun and put this entirely planet out of its human-caused misery  
Who among us hasn't made a trillion dollar calculation "mistake" on an important piece of legislation  
tbh, 280 characters is just another 140 chances to use an Oxford comma  
I hope people here appreciate the humor in my commit messages  
Well, that was slightly quicker than expected  
Ehhhh I'm going to go ahead and say this *is* the normal way to recover. What's normal can be incorrect.  
lol at anyone who ever thought McCain was some hero for the American people or a maverick or whatever y'all thought of him this summer.
🤞for #BerlinMarathon lottery today
Treating myself to mental health care  
Think about which side you want to be on  
Thankful for getting a seat on a crowded train today after someone got off at the stop after I get on and everyone l stood staring at the seat not wanting to be that person who took it. WELL I TOOK IT MOTHERFUCKERS! Mwahaha

It’s the little things in life that’s all that’s left
Man, it doesn’t even take me that long. It’s like 2-3 days and I’m all like “what pain??? That didn’t hurt at all!!”  
Uh, that’s rape  
I’m jealous of people who can put ornaments on their Christmas tree because they don’t have too many cats
Watching Floribama Shore because it’s 2017 and I’ve broken down and identify with trash now
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
The culling continues.

And it should continue as long as it has to.  
I thought Trump really cared about fake news, though?  
I refuse to click on this lying heap of hate and lies.  
it good.  
This pull request might end up being the death of me  
Hey, man, "endless pastabilities" is  's and my joke! You can't just go around stealing our private inside jokes that no one outside of our relationship has heard and therefore doesn't even know about!  
The White House Christmas decorations are clearly based on Sleep No More  
Every part of this is garbage  
Matt Lauerer and Trump’s islamophobic RTs.

I can see today will be a slow news day 🙄
This is a bad tweet, dude.  
None of this is news. Tumblr always used Google apps and never Yahoo’s products. It wasn’t a secret either.  
This might be the best part of getting on board with smart lighting at home.  
Hey! I redid my blog and have a new url!  
Arguing about Unix timestamps vs ISO-8601, so you know my day is super exciting!
Thread  
No YOU overfilled your soup bowl!  
Now Cyber Tuesday is a thing? 

Capitalism needs to chill tf out  
It's not about toys. I liked all the "boy" toys when I was a child. I wanted all the toy guns, GI JOEs, and video games and to play sports.

I just also wanted to be a girl while doing those things.  
That's not how this works. You're not talking about what being trans means, you're just (rightfully) calling out problems with the gender binary and gender norms.

But this isn't what dysphoria is. You're neglecting the entire physical component of it.  
Typical cheap short-term solution that costs orders of magnitude more in the long run.  
So?  
Leela hopped up on my chest and forced me to pet her. Then she freaked out and clawed my hand with both paws and then bit it. Fucking cats, man.
nice.  
Well,  , we're waiting  
😢😢😢  
Sad news coming out of Tumblr today. End of an era. It'll be weird knowing David isn't there anymore.
There are too many cookies in the office today help
Has Richard Spencer been punched recently? I feel like his face has gone unpunched for too long.
Finally, something worth reading on The Outline    
Was this tweet written by Anthony Atamanuik?  
The only cyber I care about today is Cybermen
Oath is bad.  
Just the way God intended  
Finishing off the leftover turkey with this soup  
I’m at Trader Joe’s while hungry and I’m going way rogue
Save $500 on bread this year. #clickhere
It’s sad watching this happen over and over to the companies that were supposed to be different    
News outlets need to stop treating nazis like they’re a fashion trend and start treating them like the dangerous genocidal white-supremacist bigots that they are. cc:  
It’s always messed me up that the iPad Pro doesn’t have 3D Touch, but since the iPhone X, I keep trying to tap the screen to wake it and expecting FaceID to be there.
But what about his precious European identity?!  
9/10 times when I say “who the hell wrote this garbage” and actually check it turns out that it was me  
Black Friday
Small Business Saturday
Cyber Monday
Giving Tuesday

Good luck to everyone’s bank accounts. YAY CAPITALISM!
OMG Jake Tapper is a fan of ThanksKilling!  
Made some extra room for food today by starting my morning off with a 13.1-miler 🦃
Happy Thanksgiving!!!! Eat much food, call your family out in their racism, and remember how white people murdered millions of native Americans.
Gobble gobble, motherfucker, indeed.  
Gobble gobble, motherfucker, indeed.  
Okay, cool, but do you know to quit vim?  
If any of my local friends still have no plans for tomorrow, you’re invited to Friendsgiving at my house! DM for deets. 🦃🥖🌽🥔🍠🧀🥗🥧🍺🍷🥃🍽
Friends, family, wife, cats, running, health #afterNUUNdelight  
Fantastic post about building APIs that respect your users  
If that's the case, Comcast, you won't need #NetNeutrality to be overturned.  
We're hiring for a bunch of departments at  ! Come work at Bitly with me! I like it here and so will you!    
Perfect weather for a nice little 8-mile #runch
Looking for recommendations for a writing app similar to Bear for both iOS and macOS that isn't subscription based. Has to have Markdown support and sync between devices. A big plus for template support, too.
Hey, friends at Twitter and Facebook and other such tech companies, this is a good time for you to stand up and refuse to do work that is evil.  
What the hell is going on over there in the west? That's not how you Thanksgiving.  
This is what people need to understand. A completely open and unrestricted internet is necessary for our ability to speak out and fight  
Hey   /   /  , if you care so much about free speech or whatever your reason for keeping Trump on here, maybe you should put some pressure on him to stop the FCC from repealing net neutrality.
How much for the internet plan that doesn't include Donald Trump's tweets?
This is extremely bad.  
Mad respect to my coworkers who brought McDonald’s fries and burgers to Bitly’s Thanksgiving potluck today
This is severely needed. There are only a handful of doctors who currently do transition related surgeries and waits for them can be up to two years.
   
The best thread to ever happen to Twitter  
This is exactly why I love it so much  
Come work at Bitly!  
Working from means sleepy cats  
One of these numbers is not like the others  
What “superficial benefits” does being a woman in a patriarchal society provide?  
You just described women as baby factories. You’ve reduced women’s existence to reproduction.  
It’s cool, none of us need to go to work  
Treating Sunday night like Saturday night
Status in our house right now:

🐈 👩🐈👩🐈 on 🛋 watching 🐱 vs 🐶
It’s that kind of weather where you come back from a run, throw a onesie on, and blast a hair dryer inside of it
Shoutout to the four park cats I saw on my run this morning
Same issue I have when FaceID fails. I keep trying to tap the lock thinking it'll do something.  
Has anyone publicly come out with allegations against the band Piebald yet? I'm sure there are plenty of women who could.

When I was 18, I watched literally the entire band pull a 14yo girl into their van and undress her. They were in their 20s at the time.
.   Holy hell, did you close the 21st and 6th location now too?! You've now closed all three Flatiron area locations. What the hell?
A little worried about the Ryan Murphy factor, but super rad to see so many trans people involved  
This is a long, but great read about Slack at work. 

This line seems to really get at the heart of a lot of the internet, “[men] perceive even politeness norms as a kind of censorship.”  
Franken.
DAPL leak.
GOP tax bill. 
FCC decision on media ownership.

Ugh. What a crap day.
Is it really that hard to control yourself and not sexually assault people?  
I don't know if y'all have noticed this or not, but men on the internet *really* hate women
Dude, you have nearly a million followers. Thanks for wrecking my mentions. Asshole.  
If your food isn’t spicy enough to ruin my whole life what even are you doing?
Conservatives should take note that we're not trying to justify anything Al Franken did. We're calling for him to step aside. Feel free to do the same with your shitty men.
This is why we can't have men.  
The age old debate of whether the about page for your personal site should be written in first or third person.
I like when   works from home because she sends me photos of the cats all day
How how is this comfortable?  
Hey airlines, listen to my bot   
Probably a good indication that we should just stop criminalizing drugs  
You have a right to free speech, not a platform.

Besides, you can literally build your own things if no one else wants your nazi bullshit.  
Richard Spencer lost his blue checkmark? BAHHAHAHAHA
Salad for lunch just doesn't cut it on days that start with an 8-miler
Fuck it, I'm in  
I think it's really cute when my mom refers to our cats as her grandkids. She's smart enough to realize those are the only grandkids she'll ever have.
It really irks me when developers are expected to be waist deep in programming 24/7 or else they not be seen as good developers.

I have other hobbies.  
280 characters has already made me lazy af
One thing that keeps getting me with iOS 11 is you swipe up on the middle of the lock screen to see your notifications, but everywhere else, you swipe down from the top of the screen. I keep swiping down on the lock screen.
One thing that keeps getting me with iOS 11 is you swipe up on the middle of the lock screen to see your notifications, but everywhere else, you swipe down from the top of the screen. I keep swiping down on the lock screen.
What Chris said  
Speaking of 🇦🇺, I miss  
Every person in this room is pro-child molestation. Full stop.  
I’m going to hack the Gibson*!!!!!!

*cook a turkey  
I think I spend too much time on this hellsite. This is *just* for my iPhone. I also read on my iPad and computer.  
Just a thought, maybe being banned from any public place should be an automatic disqualified for governmental office at any level  
Maybe just hire fewer men instead?  
Do any privacy/security-conscious people have recommendations for home webcams? I'd like to spy on my cats, but also use for security
.   you literally have ONE job to do, deliver packages from point A to point B and you are embarrassingly terrible at it.
America is great again!  
I️ swear we go through this every year. Just leave Liberty State Park alone already!  
Today is going great!!!!  
This is so so so good and, I think, extends past running to just about everything we do in life. Pull others up the ladder with you.  
Safari's builtin reader view on macOS and iOS is such an underrated feature
I like to think that these two women are holding hands  
This is kind of neat, but man, I JUST got my .vimrc file perfectly the way I want it.

Also, this seems little different from just using vim keys in Atom.  
So sorry to the delivery person who has to deliver the 105lbs of cat litter I just ordered
Important thread  
Thanks for wrecking my back, Fry!  
Badass both on and off screen  
Me, while watching last night’s SNL: I️ wonder what it’s like being a black woman who is a backup dancer for Taylor Swift, the white woman who is well on her way to becoming the official musician of American white nationalism.
Good god  
If you don’t have an adult onesie what are you even doing with your life?
I just ate a disgusting amount of ramen and it was so good and who knew the best ramen was right here in Jersey City
Well, this is utterly terrifying  
p much  
Was just on the registration screen for Philly Marathon next weekend and was about to hit submit. Then I checked the weather and saw 25mph winds and noped right out of that idea.  
Tumblr has basically been doing this for years and it’s kinda okay, tbh  
Journey.  
GOP: We must protect girls by keeping transgender people out of the bathrooms.

Also GOP: Sexually assaulting 14 year old girls is okay when we do it
This is a bad tweet.

No one, I repeat, NO ONE, should be put on some sort of pedestal where they're above consequences for their actions    
.   just asked me what my soup dreams are and I feel like she truly gets what's important to me
The only conclusion to be made from people who are defending Roy Moore or looking the other way on pedophilia is they, too, touch children
Reading an article about cat stress and it says "cats are not vindictive." They've obviously never met Leela.
In 2017, Republicans have defended Nazis, slave owners, and pedophiles, to name a few things.

Imagine how awful that list would be if they weren’t the party of morality, decency, and life.
When   calls you “a malicious miserable fuck of a human being,” you know you’ve arrived at your new job
This is my mom. She’s a very good egg.  
I love the non-traditional ways people get into development. I️ also took a weird way here and I love it.

(also, thread)  
8 people simultaneously editing a 7-slide deck, what could go wrong?
I was born in the gutter and, by god, I will die in the gutter
This is what happens when you show up at the polls  
Democrats/leftists/liberals/progressives, remember that yesterday is just a jumping off point. This is the start. Keep working.
Riding such a high of hope today
Good work yesterday, Hoboken!  
Even the bot gets it  
Keep ‘em comin’  
No one will dump you faster than Donald Trump  
Of course he did  
This is really, really big! Congrats  !!  
Seeing   winning in VA right now is giving me life
This is fantastic! Bigotry doesn’t win!  
“God, we have so many cats!” -   after tripping on a cat
If you’re thinking about making a 280 character tweet about how dumb 280 character tweets are, please don’t.
Uh, yes, it does, Taylor. Silence on white supremacy does equal support.    
Uh, yes, it does, Taylor. Silence on white supremacy does equal support.    
I wish my polling place *ever* had "I voted" stickers
If you don’t vote today you’re dead to me
I’m sure all those people who scream about freedom of speech will be up in arms about this  
Up all night with food-poisoning-like nausea after nearly blacking-out. Now I’m still nauseous, my head is killing me, and my body aches. 🤢😩
💪💪💪  
iOS 11 on iPhone X is buggy in the weirdest of ways. Phantom notification vibrations and all of these fun issues  
I️ really love this bug!!!!!
Some people are really upset about Animoji, a thing that people find fun and enjoyable.  
Nice tweet you got there  , it’d be a shame if it was #TheRatio-ed  
Same.  
White shooter vs Muslim driver  
#FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #FucktheNRA #Fuckthe
Shiiiiit literally just caught up with news and saw this.  
❤️❤️❤️ #thankyoumeb  
I cheered so hard I broke two cowbells, ripped up skin on two fingers, and have no voice left. I love the marathon too much! #TCSNYCMarathon
Just saw   run by looking strong af!! #TCSNYCMarathon
Gahhhhh!!!!!! Amazing!!!! #TCSNYCMarathon  
Shalane!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #TCSNYCMarathon
Come on Shalane!!!!!!!! #TCSNYCMarathon
Meb!!!!!!!!!!!  #TCSNYCMarathon  
Lead women at 18.5! Shalane is hidden in there. #TCSNYCMarathon  
#TCSNYCMarathon runners, you should be asleep by now, but I’m wishing you a great race tomorrow anyway! I’ll be on 1st Ave &amp; 105th or so
“That’s some Danielle level shit”  
iPhone X initial impressions #iphonex    
lol okay  
Ah, yes, the natural “vroom” sound of a truck, as biology intended. 

This article is garbage.

   
.   and I just spent a good twenty minutes on the #AnimojiKaraoke tag. Soooo good.
Apple, not having your own apps updated for the iPhone X is a bad look  
This is illegal in a lot of places too because it’s dangerous as heck  
Sorry, not sorry  
iPhone X is beautiful and feels like you're just holding a screen, but "bezel-less" isn't accurate. It's just a removal of the chin&amp;forehead
I swear I'm going to punch the next person who says the word blockchain around me
This is absurd.  
A watched UPS truck never delivers
*reflects on all the news from this week*

*instantly ages beyond the point of death*
😗👌  
Does anyone take Wellbutrin for ADD? How does it work for you?

Adderall XR isn't really doing the trick for me.
Men in tech get "singled out" because women don't routinely bend over backwards to be assholes just to assert their dominance
Whoaaa

If this is true and happens this is great, but I’m sure they have someone even worse lined up.  
FYI, it’s normal for sites to have admin panels that give some/all employees access to user accounts and some set of functions.
This is true. Be nice to them.

Especially, if you’re a dev, they take the heat for our mistakes.  
Please make this person the new CEO.  
I wish I was any good at frontend/design so I could make my new blog actually look kinda nice.
Going for a run with  , as you do on a Thursday night
WhaaaaaaaTF  
Sometimes, when I'm typing really fast, I typo my name as "amelia gpain."

I think G-pain would be a good nickname for me.
Anyone in NYC interested in a TMo iPhone X (w/AppleCare+) before I cancel this pre-order? Ships for 11/17-24. Price as shown. Pickup only.  
There's someone playing saxophone under the   office window and it legit sounds like Bleeding Gums Murphy  
If you have a dual-lens camera iPhone, this app is incredible. Let’s you use depth info to adjust DoF after capture  
Harsh.  
This jersey is sorta transy looking. I'm into it.  
This jersey is sorta transy looking. I'm into it.  
I hope it's a black hole that swallows up the entire planet  
How long until Papa John becomes Papa Nazi  
Seriously, though, this thread.  
This. 1000x this. Everyone in this industry has this obligation.  
Has Ted Leo been found yet?  
Oh, come on, Github. Help a gal out here.  
Her tweet doesn’t include the fact that she just screamed this out loud with a few obscenities in there  
The angriest abt yesterday aren't even NYers.It's ppl who hate NYC&amp;don't think it's "real America" until they can use it as a political prop
"Muslims are indecent for existing as non-Christians and living their lives."  
God bless this man who obviously marches in the streets to protest gun violence by Christian men.  
Man, that's some disrespectful shit.

Also, in a prior tweet, this guy asked if that was the NYC skyline because he'd never been.  
Why would I run west when I can run East and get wet so much quicker? These jackasses don't even know US geography.  
RIP my mentions  
Fellow white people, if you see anyone harassing a Muslim today and are able to, break that shit up
Easy. 

Fuck Nightmare Before Christmas.
Marry Addams Family.
Kill Beetlejuice.  
Happy birthday to my friend  ! In honor of her birthday, please donate to  !  
You know something is off when 🔪 isn’t in my recent emoji list
To be fair, potatoes are pretty great  
Cat: *lays on my lap*
Danielle: *comes over*
Me: Leave them alone! I don’t want them to leave!!
D: I am! *annoys cat*
Cat: *runs away*
Me: 😡  
All my love to all Muslims in this city and around the country right now. We will not let this president paint you as the enemy.
Really? The news is calling it “Terror in Tribeca?!” Fuck the fuck off.
Not looking forward to Trump tweets after this. Either way I will continue to run on the West Side Highway because I enjoy it
This is a bad thread with bad ideas.

Some conditions (depression, ADD, etc) can’t be cured and meds help ppl live better lives.  
We’ve never had so many trick-or-treaters before. We had three big bags of candy and lasted ten minutes before getting cleaned out.
This world is bad.
wat.  
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️  
What kind of dog doesn't like being pet??? I mean, seriously!
There's no age at which a white man has to act like an adult. For women/POC, you're treated as an adult when you're barely a teen.  
Ah, Reachability isn’t gone from the iPhone X. Nice!  
I can always count on Hollie!  
🎵IT'S RAINING SHOES! HALLELUJAH! IT'S RAINING SHOES! AMEN! 🎵  
It's Halloweeeeeeeen!!!!!!! My favorite day and time of year!
Why is this a question? It's a really simple answer, allow girls to choose the style of shorts they are comfortable with.  
My iPhone X pre-order from T-Mobile, which was placed after my Apple Store one, has shipped. Apple Store one shows 11/17-11/24 still. 🤷‍♀️
Things are going really well for Trump today!!!  
Preeeeeetty sure people who follow me aren't going to be swayed by your fun little graphic, bro.  
Look at the dates on these tweets. This cocksalad literally went searching for them to make his fun little graphic.  
Short thread 👇  
Catching up on things for the morning and I guess today is a quiet news day?
Imagine thinking the cheeseburger emoji is a crisis.

Imagine having to dig this deep to not report reality on your news show.  
Dammit, Kevin Spacey! No!
And with the #PolandSpringKickoff done, so is my 9+1 for NYC Marathon next year
I was sort of hoping the #PolandSpringKickoff 5-miler would get canceled because of lightning so I could sleep in. No such luck.
Bananas literally cannot be apples. People literally can be women.

But, hey, knock yourself out, banana. You go bet the best damn apple.  
Damn the man!
Both   and   made the list for NYC! ❤️  
What the hell is this commercial?? This makes *want* to be a drug addict  
I'm sure this will turn out just fine for LGBTQ people  
Current mood  
Diabolical!    
I wish there was an Apple News Mac app
Nov 17-24 for T-Mobile through Apple. Date kept slipping while I was going through checkout.
Taking recommendations for a blogging platform based on static files to replace Wordpress. Aside from Github Pages.
“Some”  
Another great episode!  
Speaking of bots…  
Maybe Trump was just talking about Twitter bots when he said we'd get tired of winning?  
Some commercial got Savage Garden stuck in my head, but I don’t even know what the commercial was for so basically everyone loses
It really frustrates me when people do good things under the guise of altruism when they really just want attention/fame/recognition
It really frustrates me when people do good things under the guise of altruism when they really just want attention/fame/recognition
Good Chauncey  
I fear   may not be properly amused by my making iMessage stickers of the cats  
Oops, I exploded! 💥💥💥💥💥💥  
Really enjoyed the latest episode of the   show with  !  
A bird shit right into my face on my way to work. Please feel free to call me Shitface Amy for the remainder of the day.
Fantastic post by my friend Jasdev  
Let’s say you have bad pain in your jaw joint (not teeth) when opening wide or biting hard, is that a doctor thing or a dentist thing?
Gerrymandering is a serious problem so I love this idea of using running to educate the unaware about it  
I hope they're also showing C.H.U.D. on repeat while serving this.  
And here I am with vagina made out of an old penis like a sucker  
It’s helpful when the power goes out on the whole block when you’re working from home
He’s not actually a good helper  
Fry and I are #purrprogramming today  
This is certainly a tweet  
Major issues dealing with Hattie’s tail tonight.

She is problematically smart and unbelievably relentless at pulling the wrapping off.
In positive news, I just hit my Apple Watch stand goal for the day while sitting on the toilet
"Woman in Business: A man's point of view"

I can think of exactly zero circumstances in which we need a man's point of view on women.  
Same  
I'm quite excited for this, tbh  
It almost seems as though alcohol isn’t the cause of rape and sexual assault. Rapists are rapists with or without alcohol.  
Thought I’d try a diff eyeshadow.Little did I know it was a glitter one. I’m now acclimating to my life of forever being covered in glitter.
Congrats to my friends   and   on getting married today!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Did #theghostrace with    
Gotta love the pro-gentrification/trickle-down economics guy on Nextdoor who thinks he'll convince me Amazon HQ2 wld be good for Jersey City
I mean, we have a few presidents who were shot  
This new Taylor Swift song is extremely not good
HOOOOLLYYY anxiety this morning

What the hell, brain? Get it the fuck together!
I was hoping after the Cubs lost I’d wake up to find the timeline having corrected itself, but it appears Trump is still president. Dammit
Hey boys 😘  
I ask   every day if we can get a dog and she always says no. So now I’m changing tactics and asking if we can get two dogs.
Got 'em!  
The only thing worse than having a thing on the internet go viral is when it gets rediscovered a couple wks later and gains traction again 😕
I'm glad our mayor cares, but I wish there was more focus on how the continuing gentrification in JC affects our most at-risk LGBT residents  
Happy Diwali to all who celebrate!! Have lots of yummy desserts!
Really good thread by my friend, Amanda  
I was warned about the comments. I read them anyway. Not quite sure what I expected.

Either way, this is pretty rad. Yay Ines!!!  
If you're a fan of #TheExpanse and you don't listen to The Churn, what's even the point of watching the show?  
Well, I entered the 2018 Berlin Marathon lottery 🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞
Can someone else deal with this guy? I just don’t have the energy for this kind of dickbaggery.  
Holy shit, people are actually still making the “Trump held the gay pride flag!” argument for real still? 

This is just…sad.  
How…HOW HOW HOW HOW is #brooklyn99 so damn good? How?
Actually would have gotten a seat on the   home today if two men hadn’t pushed me aside to get to the last two
Damn, that's a bummer  
Here's a brief writeup of the talk I gave at   last week. It was *very* trans 101, but it was good!  
I love when Facebook shows me posts so old that I legitimately start to question what date I'm currently living in
For the most part, this looks really, really great and like what I've been wanting for years.  
Does anyone else also get a headache and ear congestion after the first "cold" run of the season? I felt miserable after my run today.
Does anyone else also get a headache and ear congestion after the first "cold" run of the season? I felt miserable after my run today.
This was a fun conversation.  
Would love to know why a Trump-supporting trans person would think I’m a good person for them to follow.

Actually, no, I don’t care.  
I think they met at jury duty? Either way, they got married two months later like a couple o’ dumbasses.  
These changes look really nice and I think they’re inline with what Yacht Club is / should be. Excited to stay there again in January!  
Just 7 months of hormones slowed my marathon time by 36 minutes.

7 months!

36 minutes!
Good (short) thread about transgender athletes  
If any of my close friends or   get murdered, this is probably not going to help my case for innocence  
GIVE IT UP, ASSHOLE  
The weather is perfect today. It's funny how perfect fall weather is also perfect running weather.
I'm already tired of how far Silicon Valley has its head up its own ass regarding AI.

This shit ain't even AI.
A gif of Richard Spencer getting punched in the face.

Am I president now?  
I think I like the new Strava design?

Does that make me a bad person?
Any day that I get to use a Starship Troopers gif is a good day
You can’t even reason with this kind of thinking. It’s evil fueled by a complete lack of empathy and morality.  
I legit just thought it was Thursday night.

This is going to be a long week.
An updated Mac Mini would be really useful in my house  
Alcoholic seltzer because seltzer is great and I’m an adult  
I’ve almost written this same thing (though, much less eloquently) dozens of times over the last few years.  
I thought I liked the new Propagandhi record, but upon a few more listens, there are really only a couple songs I'm into
Wait, does Pence want to hang me or electrocute me? Or both? I can't keep up.  
I love Halloween so much and I don't wanna rush it, but I just sent out this year's Friendsgiving invite and I'm soooo excited already
I've got a promo code for 10% off at rabbit if that's anyone's thing  
I’m sure this is nothing to worry about  
Me too. #metoo
This record is stupid good. Worriers are one of the best bands making music right now.  
Forgive my skepticism here.

With Twitter’s track record, they’ll just ban all women, people of color, and LGBT people.  
Given how upset I've been since Hattie hurt her tail and D's text from the vet stopping my heart, I don't know how ppl have human children
Race recap for the 2017  ! 
  #ChicagoMarathon #runchat #bibchat  
That typo was killing me
If not boycotting Twitter today, consider RTing &amp; amplifying the voices of women more marginalized than you (e.g. black women, trans women)
If not boycotting Twitter today, consider RTing and amplifying the voices of women &amp; marginalized than you (e.g. black women, trans women)
Felox: feline on top, box on the bottom  
Really, all of Survival Pop sounds like The Weakerthans and I am here for it  
Literally our house every day when I'm doing the dishes  
Script error message: &lt;path&gt; is a directory
Me: Your mom is a directory

This is about where I'm at right now
This is not the order I would have expected!  
The   at 23rd and Park has the nicest employees. I’m always impressed how friendly they are even during lunch rush
My experience traveling two months ago made it clear America is a complete fucking joke in other countries; they don't respect Trump at all  
Is there an archive of this shitty men list somewhere? I'm trying to catch up on this whole thing.
Definitely something we need to talk about more  
Has anyone used   sleeves? How do they compare to NormaTec in terms of quality and value? #bibchat #runchat
He’s really just trying to avoid saying he wishes we still had slavery  
I mean, yes. Exactly that. All these things for free.  
Y'all don't even know how hard I'm going to sleep tonight
Y'all don't even know how hard I'm going to sleep tonight
This is going to mess me up for a few days  
Tickets: procured.  
I *dream* for the day when my phone can handle 100% of payments and money transfers, but how does that work for poor/homeless people?  
Expanding the field = 💯 

Changing one of the city’s iconic races = 😕  
I’m going to be really pissed if dudebros ruin Rick and Morty
Just saw Galen Rupp walking down the street. 🙄🙄🙄💉💉💉
This is fine  
Exactly. Men only pay for their sexual assault/aggression and misogyny when it makes their company look bad. If they even do at all.  
Personally, I really hate this advice. Forgetting is setting yourself up for the same mistakes. Focus on fixing mistakes, not forgetting  
.   at   is too damn funny. Flawless! 💯
26.2 miles, 2 beers, and nothing but smiles. #ChicagoMarathon  
I got beaned. #ChicagoMarathon  
Sometimes, you kick the marathon’s ass. 

Sometimes, the marathon kicks your ass.
A quick pre-Chicago Marathon training update  
Flat Amy for #ChicagoMarathon tomorrow. For those cheering, there’s a 50/50 chance toss the tank…  
I’ve broken my no alcohol the week leading up to a marathon rule three days in a row now. Oops.
So good  
Any horror movie list that doesn’t recognize the greatness of C.H.U.D. Is flawed.  
The gayest macrons   Goddess and the Baker  
Shake out run is all shook out and it felt like garbage.

This is good because I don’t trust shake out runs that feel good. #ChicagoMarathon
This guy flies into my DMs rapid-fire yelling at me an accusing me of blocking him then blocks me before I can reply  
A little too real, bot. A little too real.  
I always love being in this city during the playoffs. #FlyTheW  
I am also thankful for this! It’s always a highlight of our trips to Chicago  
Asking to regret it is the only way to really convey how spicy you want your food sometimes  
🤤🤤🤤   Revival Food Hall  
Look, it wasn’t my best finish, okay? 🙃 #ChicagoMarathon  
Cool weather, Chicago  
Sasha is a badass and y’all should give her a follow! Congrats again!  
It’d be funny if this wasn’t real  
Notice the difference when it’s *his* address  
Congrats to my friends at   on reaching perfection!! I’ve always believed in you!  
Men like this think flowers are the problem and conveniently skip over the part where a stranger in a position of power is taking my address  
Passed  ,  , and   on my run this morning! 👍👋 #ChicagoMarathon
I once had a TSA agent tell me he was memorizing my address on my ID so he could send me flowers  
Mike Pence doesn’t deserve to stand in front of the Space Shuttle  
What should   and I do in Chicago this evening?
Good can!   The Handlebar  
This is a really fantastic read from pro-runner Lauren Fleshman  
Surprised it took this long. 🙄  
Free product idea for AI-obsessed Silicon Valley: an automatic toilet that uses AI to not flush fifty times while I’m sitting on it
Free product idea for AI-obsessed Silicon Valley: an automatic toilet that uses AI to not flush fifty times while I’m sitting on it
We live 15 minutes from EWR, but   drivers always find a way to take the most creatively stupid routes there and make it take 40 minutes
I wonder what it’s like to hate fun and joy this much  
Can someone teach me how to use super glue without gluing my fingers together? I am a child.
This is the most 2017 thing  
Can't wait to read this! I ❤️Sarah! She is fantastic and badass!  
I have 5 marathons on my calendar right now. And plan to add Berlin or Reykjavik too (depending on Berlin lottery). This is dumb. I am dumb.  
In iOS 11, is there a way to open a link in Safari instead of the corresponding native app? It looks like Apple removed this.
“I feel like I’ve been so negative and political on Twitter lately. It’s just been a rough few days in the news, though.”

- me, weekly
They won’t take my gross tranny blood  
I'm so glad Yahoo made Tumblr implement their shitty universal login system  
I think the only fact you need is we average at least one mass shooting every single day. And they all have guns in common.  
cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool  
Sunday!  
The only thing Trump is capable of seeing is dollar signs.

And I guess TV ratings.  
I'm glad the weather is finally allowing me to sink back into my Jessica Jones aesthetic
Really good monologue by Kimmel last night  
I'm sure I'll find a way   
Just had to give Nibbler a bath because he somehow got himself covered in shit. Literally.
Oh, god, what have I done?! #boston2bigsur #BSIM #B2B #bibchat  
Come on,  , don't promote the false idea that gear makes people fast runners  
He's not wrong, but it's a pure evil that's enabled by an even worse evil by those with the power to do something who refuse  
The American Dream™ is thoughts and prayers that your home/name doesn’t become the next hashtag
Me when my Lyft driver takes the stupidest way possible  
I wish I had another day here with these ladies   Magic Kingdom at Walt Disney World  
Holy heck, it’s October?!? Best month of the year!
Pikachu pile  
These people are walking behind me talking about how terrible they thought Maelstrom was and I hate them for it
Avatar Flight of Passage is absolutely amazing and makes Soarin’ look like a pathetic joke
I found  !  
There are no words for this. What the fucking fuck.  
Disney World with these awesome tumblr ladies for the weekend!!  
Jill Stein is the one who needs to fade away, not Hillary Clinton.  
Pint give me lots of face kisses when I met him this morning  
The real reason Twitter is allowing 280 characters. 

Is this a fresh joke??  
Aaaaaand he’s out!  
Four years and my legal name change is still causing me headaches.
What the hell kind of gender binary BS is this? This is bad. You should feel bad,  .  
I treated myself to a #PaintBoxMani last night because IM GOING TO DISNEY WORLD tonight, suckas!  
Nice.  
mmmmhmmmm  
I see people are still making Jared Kushner jokes with trans women as the punchline, that’s cool. 🙄
Why is it that if I describe a run as garbage on Strava, there's always a man who comments and says "your splits look good, why was this garbage?"
I for real thought it was a glitch  
Do neither. The cutoff fluctuates year-to-year. Revisit when the cutoff is over 5:00 for two years straight.  
Damn, that's fast this year!  
I remember people talking about race constantly in the 90s. Also, I’m a millennial and was 7 in 1990. I’d been talking for years.  
These are really cute and I want them all. Do they fit adult wrists?  
Okay, bot, I know you know better than this. Bagels have a half life of like 10 minutes.  
But can we have this for real?  
I don’t like dudes, but cartoons are rad and I think people who don’t like them are a bit concerning  
I really like Twitter as a service and who I can connect with on here. I just wish   the company was better at literally everything
Instead of getting rid of nazis,   wants to make sure they can say twice as much per tweet.  
Instead of getting rid of nazis,   wants to make sure they can say twice as much per tweet.  
And while you're changing up which hell site you're using, also check out the Planet Express crew on my cat blog.    
Saul Goodman tweeting about The Replacements always makes my day  
Friends at  , please do everything you can to make this as hard as possible for them.  
I guess the taper tantrums are already kicking in because I'm in no mood for anyone's BS today.
"Great anger"  
And women everywhere wish you weren't a rapist.  
“Fry, stopping attacking your sisters, they’re not the enemy. Capitalism is.”
👏👏👏  
A meatball just rolled out of my meatball sub and across my keyboard, coating the whole thing in marinara sauce in the process. *sigh*
Anthony Weiner suuuucks, but I'm not looking forward to seeing a bunch of jokes about him being sexually assaulted in prison  
Even if this were true, you can’t expect people to respect a anything/anyone that doesn’t respect them in return  
I could not be happier to be going into taper after today. This marathon training cycle has be kinda garbage.
Serious question, are we still boycotting the NFL or are we supporting it now? Kaepernick still doesn’t have a job, but Trump.
This might be my last tweet ever because I’m pretty sure this   C train is going to kill us all
The   Run Center stinks of sweaty and BO-y runners right now. 🤢
Before the #NBBronx10M, the announcers were mentioning famous people from the Bronx and included Woody Allen. 🤢🙄😬
11 miles up the West Side Highway and Riverside Park and then the #NBBronx10M. Gimme ten bagels.…  
Well, that sucked. #NBBronx10M
Even when I’m not sleeping at home, I’m still going to bed under a pile of animals  
You can’t even see the headline when you click an article on   on an iPad Pro.  
On one hand, I just ate half a pizza. On the other hand, I only ate half a pizza.
Can you two fuckers knock it off already?

Just like measure your dicks or whatever shit pathetic men do and get this over with.  
Bummed I won’t be able to watch the #BerlinMarathon in the morning because I’ve got #NBBronx10M + 11 more miles to run
This is my standard reply.

In multiple job interviews I described all languages as “bad.” Those companies didn’t give me offers though???  
I see…  
“How the heck an I going to fill a 45-60 minute talk??”

*starts working on the talk*

“How am I going to cut this to under 12 hours??”
I've never paid attention to the iOS photos memories tab, but this is actually really good for being autogenerated  
Misgendered by an Amazon deliveryman who was delivering for another apt. If you’re gonna misgender me, at least have something to give me
I fully expect people to start selling little black/colored stickers to put over the red dot before the day is over.  
But they'll construct bigger boards with bigger nails and then they'll construct a board with a nail in it so large it will destroy them all  
Gosh, it’s almost like people in tech need to think about things and consequences before building things rather than after.  
Hey  , if your ads weren’t so damn obnoxious, overwhelming, and resource-draining, I wouldn’t need an adblocker
You get Nuun and your cat gets a new box. Everyone in your house wins!  
it me  
I just spent like 2 hours debugging a test that was failing because I had my if/else blocks switched.

I’M GREAT AT PROGRAMMING!!!!
Hi, I ate ants for lunch today.

This is not a euphemism or metaphor.
Someone should really look into what might be causing this…  
I like when   works from home because she sends me cat photos all day. Look at these four goobers!  
Ah, yes, the daily morning check-in to work ritual  
Listening to   talk about how the real lowering of the bar in tech is mediocre white men. 👏👏👏 #ResetTech
I’m wearing this Rick and Morty shirt today and, no joke, multiple strangers have asked if they can take a pic of it  
These #runDisney #WDWMarathon medals are super fun and cute, but a bit too much color  
In order to be “pushed into the KKK,” you still have to believe in their racism.  
Anyone have suggestions for dealing with a longer haired cat that gets poop and litter stuck in the hair around their butt?
I don’t want to live in a world where wearing swastikas is tolerated in any capacity.  
This is why self-driving cars are only ever so slightly less scary to me than cars driven by humans  
Current status:  
I like that company-wide reply-all email chains full of gifs are a thing at Bitly too. Gifs are good.
I have serious dog fever, y’all  
Look at  ’s dog. What a good girl!  
🤔  
Congrats to two of my favorite people on their 9th anniversary!!  
Where is this mythical college that pays students rather than students paying tuition?  
Learning vim has taught me that I have no idea where half the letters are the keyboard when I have to consciously think about it
I have the same relationship with coffee that sharks have with swimming. If I stop, I die.
So happy to see Riz Ahmed win #emmys
Damn Issa 😍  
Everyone please give   a hard time because she won’t let us get a dog because “we already have too many cats.” 🙄
Everyone please give   a hard time because she won’t let us get a dog because “we already have too many cats.” 🙄
Post race drink lineup  
Yuck, humid af at the #NewportHalfMarathon today  
Mexican food 🙌👍🤤😋😍😀🌮  
I did my IT band strengthening exercises and then like two hours later started feeling like I pulled my adductor and can barely walk
I rode the PATH home with two doggos today and it was good  
Pls no.  
Apple dropped Reachability from the iPhone X? Ugghhhh  
I wish Times Square still looked like this  
Excited to back the   Kickstarter for Picky Oats! Picky Bars are great!  
Things that make advertisers angry usually make me happy. But this seems to have the flip side of giving more power to Facebook/Google 😕  
👋😢  
Two trans women of color have been murdered this year in a state that has demonized trans people for the last couple of years.  
I’d say a good 60% of the time, it’s directed at me 🤷‍♀️  
My bot wants my old job.  , are you hiring bots?  
I saw a boat in the Liberty State Park marina on my run this morning named Deplorable. Damn white supremacists.
This is one of my best race photos ever.    
Help.   is listening to Insane Clown Posse because she’s never heard them and is trying to understand juggalos.
Alright, fine. I’ll finally fucking learn vim.
Alternate title: Two ex-Googlers suck and hate bodega cats  
Gahhhh! So sooooooon  
This is the week I’ve stopped apologizing for bumping into people who walk up the center up the subway stairs instead of the right side.
This is an improvement. You can do it with one hand.  
Ugh, this sounds so good. Why was I only three in 1986?!  
This deal is getting worse all the time  
Imagine being the kind of person who separates people into either holes or poles  
Apple should have had a person of color demo FaceID to prove they didn’t build something racist, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
OIS and a slightly faster lens for the telephoto on the iPhone X. Good. #AppleEvent
Okay, Snapchat filters look great on iPhone X #AppleEvent
Fuck all y’all, I’m into animoji and if you iMessage with me, you better deal with it #AppleEvent
Apple’s naming game is really lacking these days #AppleEvent
Really? They actually went with ten? #AppleEvent
Glad that Apple is actually going with a standard for wireless charging instead of rolling their own. #AppleEvent
Would be rad if the telephoto camera on the Plus was also f/1.8. #AppleEvent
I'm falling up a spring/summer dress w/some fall booties, but I've got sneakers in my bag bc let's be honest about how long I last in heels
Aw man, I missed some Ted Cruz fun last night?
OMG this is perfect  
I don’t understand, how is it so hard to comprehend and accept that you don’t say the n-word unless you want people to know you’re a racist?
I thought it was too late for me at 19.

Then 20.

Then 22.

Then 23.

Then 25.

I started transition at 29.

Wasn't even close to too late.  
Clearly, I handled Hurricane Sandy all wrong  
Good luck walking into our apartment without tripping on a dozen pairs of running shoes  
As if my hands/arms weren’t bad enough bc 🐈s, I’m missing a chunk of skin from accidentally punching a car mirror while running this weekend
Do I know any senior frontend engineers looking for a job in NYC? hmu!
Leela has knocked over two full glasses of water in the last three days. This is why we can’t have…anything
I guess I'm rooting for a tie since they can't both lose? #NYGvsDAL
A2: I saw a crab fighting a seagull the other day #runchat  
I guess I should start actually thinking about and writing this talk for next month, huh?
I took this photo of   and then nearly turned around right into   #NB5thAveMile  
If this is how you feel about pets, don't have pets. They *are family*.

Homes can be rebuilt. Save yourselves, save your pets.  
Today is volunteering at #NB5thAveMile and keeping everyone in Florida in my thoughts all day
Hey   did you forget that tomorrow is our 6th wedding anniversary like I did?
I like staying at Hotel LOLZ because   is a shoe pusher and I get new running shoes
Ran 18 miles and then PRed the  . Now I have this beer. Great morning!   FlyingFish 5K  
Because this is more believable than climate change  
The replies are so good  
Really excited for tomorrow's   at  . 

Not so excited for running 17 miles on unfamiliar roads beforehand. 🙅🙄😕😫😭
At  , I was referred by  .

At  , it was through a recruiter I'd been working with for a couple months.  
Dinner at the Whole Foods means I ate:
-taco
-stuffed shells
-baked ziti
-chk tikka masala
-chk tortilla soup
-tots
-nuggz
-pb choc bar

🐷🐽🐷
I'll take them all, please.  
Important for writing. Things I sleep on end up drastically different and better before publishing.  
lol that anyone thinks any of us have any private personal information left  
I can assure you that I do understand that  
Wednesday!!! 🦄🦄🦄  
I mean, kinda yeah?  
There’s a cats Slack channel here. We good.
Recap of my three days in Reykjavik!    
Trying to remember how makeup works because it's been a minute
Let's hope the rest of the day feels better than that garbage 7-miler did
Has   secretly been working at  ? She's been really on the whole `.coalesce` train lately  
Has   secretly been working at  ? She's been really on the whole `.coalesce` train lately  
So he’s inflicting emotional abuse on 800,000 people so that he can take credit for passing legislation that Obama didn’t get passed.  
It’s weird going to bed knowing I have to get up for work tomorrow. I forgot what this feels like.
Me: You’re asking for something without offering anything in return!
 : Welcome to marriage
This might be my bot’s best tweet yet  
Your place of birth should determine absolutely nothing about anything
NO
PERSON
IS
ILLEGAL
I found a job and now summer vacation is ending, but I'm excited to get back to work!    
If one doesn’t work, try four  
Holy hell  
Such a terrifying time  
Berlin!    
Borders are bad. Abolish all borders. Abolish ICE.  
I had pumpkin ice cream for dessert because, sure, it’s still summer, but also FALL IS ON ITS WAY SUCKAS!!!!!!!!!!!
.   ordered bananas in our FreshDirect and I want to know who has invaded her body.

Also, now I need to divorce her.
I can’t believe my summer vacation is coming to an end in three days. Adults should get summer vacation too. This was good.
Orange Milkshake  
It's a hole   Minnewaska State Park Preserve  
Hiking to Gertrude's Nose with   cylegage    
I'm a rock hugger  
What kind of monster would do this  
Jessica Jones, Luke Cage, and Matt Murdock riding a PATH train that was obviously used as a stand-in for MTA 😂😂😂
WTF is this BS? You're shit if you believe this. 

My surgery increased my quality of life immeasurably and made my body easier to live with  
Europe 2017 – Edinburgh    
Tough 19-miler this morning. I had legs and lungs for days, but my will to run went from 100% to zero around mile 12. /1
Yet, thus far, Republicans have done nothing but be subordinate  
The president, but not Trump
Anyone have a site that will make a quilt out of your old t-shirts / race shirts that you’d recommend from experience?
Good, but a study was already done and it conclusively found there is no reason to not allow trans people in the military  
My recap of my time in London! 
   
Someone REALLY does not know his history.  
Thinking about everyone in Texas right now. The photos I’ve seen remind me a lot of Sandy which is scary. ❤️
Jersey City Pride volunteers are wearing trans shirts which is a nice way to show efforts of not forgetting the T  
2012 me would be very proud and thrilled.

2007 me would be extremely confused. Actually been meaning to write about this exact thing.  
The link is two years old, but it's a good reminder of the values Jersey City embraces and holds dear.  
May the rest of Arpaio's life be a hellstorm of civil suit after civil suit until he wishes he was in jail instead  
17 miles including the #PercySutton5K done and it's only 9am  
Be safe Texas. Our thoughts are with you this weekend
Every "constitutional republican" should be up in arms about this.

Wait, what's that? 

Oh, right. They're all full of shit.  
It's Friday fucking night for fucks sake  
First   tricked me into getting ice cream, then she abandoned me for a boy. Payback will be in the form of 4 cats harassing her
Of course  
It continues to be clear that actively fighting back against nazis and white supremacists is what works  
Octocopter. The word you’re looking for is octocopter. We have a prefix for eight. It’s octo.  
Why can't a girl just browse in peace in Lululemon?! I only recently got over my reasons for not shopping there, but this isn't helping
Fill in the beginning of this sentence   
It really irks me that developers are expected to spend all their non-work time working on side projects and other coding. Like, no.  
I need to pay someone to look over my shoulder and proofread all my tweets for me. Ugh.

You should all unfollow me.
I'd say a good 60% of the transphobia I see/here/experience is from people who call themselves LGBT allies  
Pretty much, yeah, this is how it went down.  
What's the verdict on Atomic Blonde? Should I go see it?
Europe 2017 - planning    
Conversations with    
Who’d’ve thought electing a man who exploits America’s racism would be our undoing?

It’s almost like bigotry always destroys everything.  
Or at least dying.  
Related: A male director has no idea what he’s talking about and should STFU literally forever  
Woke up to find out this is what Taylor Swift sounds like now. Put me back to sleep.
Wow, so 45 is really crushing his grammar game today, huh?
He’s a piece of shit  
There’s just no end to what millennials are ruining!!  
Reykjavik Half Marathon recap    
bingo  
Agreed.  
*takes deep breath*

"Okay, time to catch up on the news"

*hurls self out window*
I'm glad my body waited until I got home to get sick, but a 9-miler with a cold is never fun
There is no more parody in this world, only reality  
There is no more parody in this world, only reality  
Bwahahahahahahaha  
I want you to all know that I had ice cream every single day of my trip because I am a good person
🚨 Important personal update! 🚨 

I'm two minutes away from cats!!!!

🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Popped out on the street for a second and a guy let me borrow his glasses. Northern lights and and #eclipse2017 both within 16 hours. 😎  
This was my first time getting to use Global Entry. Holy shit. I can't recommended this enough.
My flight home will be landing just as the eclipse starts so I’ll probably miss the whole thing in customs / on subway home :/
#importanttexts  
It's not a bold statement to say 60m Americans are racist.  
"He says what's in his heart"  
Friends made on this trip:

Cats: 3
Dogs: 1
Horses: 1
Humans: 9
Today I saw puffins, drank a glacier, and saw northern lights. Can't complain about today.
Hanging on a glacier  
Look at all the puffins!!  
You can't tell, but there are hundreds of puffins in this photo  
Gay.   Skógafoss  
Ladies and gentlemen, the eight wonder of the world, THE BACKSIDE OF WATER!!!   Seljalandsfoss  
I made a horse friend  
I made a new friend today  
I love this little medal for the Reykjavik Half Marathon! I'm a fan of smaller medals.  
My legs have been tired af from traveling so I would like to know what they thought they were doing with a 1:40:01 half marathon today.
I'm, somehow, running my first international race tomorrow. I should do a Flat Amy, but I'm too tired to even think about it
Gay pride beer  
ACAB.  
The Icelandic Punk Museum is literally and old public toilet.  
Gay pride beer in Iceland. I'm pretty into this, honestly . (Ástríkur Nr.18)  
I just ate at   and now sandwiches are ruined for me
Taking selfies with a narwhal penis, as you do   Icelandic Phallological Museum  
Fucking finally  
Reykjavik feels like the most punk rock city I've ever been too
A real ragtag group fellowship  
Sounds good to me!  
This is nice  
I like this guy   Berlin, Germany  
Not ready to leave this city yet, but the time has come  
And this how you know we live in a racist country  
Good bear  
This is the same way I look at ice cream  
Very much this. It's something I've been thinking about my entire time here.  
❤️🏃‍♀️🇩🇪  
Good street art at Haus Schwarzenberg  
A quick mid-run selfie in Tiergarten  
Some Swarm mayorships you just don't want, but coming by here twice in two days seemed to be enough :/  
I think I showed Tiergarten who's boss tonight.
   
Rickrolled in the original Ampelmann Shop  
Sorry, Google, Tumblr already uses the name Orangina  
Weekend at Bannon's  
I took one photo in song the Topography of Terror in Berlin today and it was this. This feels extremely relevant.  
I'm just an American girl in Germany vacationing away from nazis at home
I just opened Twitter for the first time in 12 hours and what just happened?
Uh, WTF is the resistance resisting if it's separate from anti-fascist groups?  
So proud to have been a part of this!  
This is fascism.  
👋👋👋  
Beer bottle chandelier  
Every city I've gone so far has had a billion Australians visiting. Is August go to Europe month for them? cc:    
cc:      
Gonna go ahead and say that if you have a swastika tattoo, you can't be a victim  
A3: Mostly the old fashioned way. Open a map and look for parks, rivers, and lakes to run around. Sometimes ask online. #runchat  
easyJet, I'm still drunk from last night too. I get it.  
Shout out to the guy who just did the TMNT version of Ice Ice Baby at this karaoke bar
I wish I had known it was #EDFringe or even WTF Fringe is before planning my trip. I'd have planned more time in Edinburgh
I went to an improve comedy show last night. Three separate transphobic jokes. A stand up show the night before. One transphobic joke.

🙄🙄🙄
Street performer: Where are you from?
Me: New Jersey
SP: Great, here's a song for you  *goes into anti-Trump ballad*
Me: 😂😂😂
Here's my blanket statement for while I'm traveling and not checking the internet much: 🖕nazis. 🖕racists. 🖕alt-right.
This is why all conservatives should be banned  
*catches up on news from the past 24 hours*

"Oh. Fuck."
Squishing castles   Scott Monument  
How cute is this afternoon tea?!  
This owl!!  
Just posted a photo   Edinburgh, United Kingdom  
Oh, wow. What a finish!  
There's a castle back there, I promise   Arthur's Seat  
Given my luck with banana peels, I'm going to avoid this one   Arthur's Seat  
Twitter bot tweets that it’s not real 🤔  
ew.  
I found the TARDIS!  
While everyone at home is complaining about NYC transit, I'm riding the *vastly* superior London Underground and it is good.
This is less than ideal  
Young Pie  
What even the fuck? No. Just no.  
This drain here, it's literally a Dalek urinal according to my tour guide  
I'm doing a Doctor Who walking tour and I'm so excited right now
Just in case anyone had doubts that he's threatening nuclear war.  
I got really excited by Hodge  
I found    
I just saw a dude wearing an old school calculator watch
These peppers go to 11   Borough Market  
Why you gotta call me out like that, Foursquare?  
Why you gotta call me out like that, Foursquare?  
Current status: in Shoreditch melting my face off with some phal
Uh, bot, why are you blaming it on Obama? Da fuq, yo!  
Honestly, I'm just going to go back to pirating shit because that was easier and paying for a half dozen services is bonkers  
Well, we're all gonna die.  
I already made a new friend! This little cutie came right up to me! 😻  
Yes, but also it's so good  
Hello London   Gatwick Airport  
Anna is cool. I suggest that you work with her. I did and it was awesome.  
I watched this right before I walked out the door. Holy hell was that kick amazing! #London2017  
Okay, Donald, I'll be traveling for the next two weeks. Try to like, I don't know, not do anything crazy so I can enjoy my trip.
My bot has feelings about Gatlin  
Thread.  
Needing running, hiking, and walking shoes on this Europe trip is putting a real thorn in the side of my just a backpack plan
This is Google saying they value their white tech bros more than creating a fostering/safe work environment for the rest of their employees  
oof.  
.  Ten Years Later was so good
Hoooooly shit. Sooner or later the tech industry is going to have to get serious about making people like this feel unwelcome  
OMG I need to see this  
I saw two flies having sex on the railing up the front steps this morning. It was a like a damn Alkaline Trio song.
There is no hope for this company  
Nope.  
A rare moment of calm from Nibbler  
me: Why is this computer going so agonizingly slow?
me: *types `uptime`*
me: oh

Last time this computer was restarted was at Tumblr HQ.  
You know you're a runner when the most exciting part of traveling is running along the routes you've drawn out on Strava
I’m still smiling from this morning’s epic thunderstorm. It was so nice to wake up to.
Getting in on the #LGBTbabes action  
This is exactly how it happened  
After two weeks with a 10.5″ iPad Pro, I find it intensely annoying just how much I’m loving this thing. It’s absolutely fantastic.
I have *a lot* of issues with this   ranking of New Jersey’s malls. It’s all wrong.  
Not everything needs to be "smart."

Whoever thought this was a good idea should feel bad about their life choices.  
You sure wouldn't know it by looking around this country  
Not sure which camera lens/lenses to bring to Europe. 50mm f/1.4 and/or 24-105mm f/4L. I’m only bringing a backpack &amp;my Canon 6D ain’t light
Wait…it’s August?

Really?

Fuck.
If we lose net neutrality, this means smaller sites who can’t pay for “fast lanes” might have links to their sites hidden.  
Because he doesn’t know how to shut the fuck up  
A very rough diagram of what our bed looked like last night. #catlife  
I run through a marina every morning and there’s this one model of sailboat there are two of that is absolutely gorgeous…
It's figured out how to survive 2017  
Signal boosting how amazing   is!!!  
When your meal is so spicy you're crying in pain and happiness at the same time
When you get the best 💇 of your life and you’re 😍, but it cost 💰💰💰 and you’re 😞 because you can’t always spend that much
I'd be into this  
Great, but I don't see corporations making more money as a good thing.  
Hold up, is it not normal to wear a pair of jeans for a month+ between washes?  
The truest of statements. Like I don't even know what y'all are doing half the time.  
What a dumb country this is
Well, that didn't last long.  
Buy this for all of your water drinking friends  
I’m a straightshooter, as they say.  
And people wonder why I refuse to register as a Democrat or call myself one.  
When 🍆 isn’t in my recent emoji list, I’m failing my personal brand
When 🍆 isn’t in my recent emoji list, I’m failing my personal brand
Should I buy a selfie stick for my trip to Europe?
This marathon training cycle is v weird feeling. Maybe it’s just bc of everything else going on, but I don’t feel like I’m in training mode
I spy Tumblr HQ’s roof deck in this photo. I do miss that view.  
That’s nice. All the stocks I own are down.  
Christie gonna Christie  
Unpopular opinion, but I support this  
I’ve seeing a lot of businesses showing trans support in their windows in NYC and Jersey City as well. It’s rather nice.  
Now taking suggestions for things do to and places to eat in:
- London
- Edinburgh
- Berlin
- Reykjavik
I’m 48oz deep in iced coffee already today so yeah I wouldn’t mess with me
Status: eating the best coffee cake I've ever had in my life   This thing is life changing
Or maybe don't run for what's most impressive and instead run what you enjoy the most. I don't marathon to impress. I marathon bc I love it  
Ecto Cooler and tequila
While I still don’t yet trust cis people to stand up and fight for our rights, this week gave me some hope for the future. /1
Today was my first decent long run since before Grandma’s Marathon. Thank you, cool weather.
Tumblr friends, can one of you hook me up with one of those Tumblr spinners? I’d like one please.
Trump demands complete loyalty from everyone he works with, but will never show an ounce of loyalty to anyone in return
This is something we should be cheering. This is how a civilized society functions.  
Holy shit  
Take a run at everyone. Literally all of them.  
While ppl are praising McCain, maybe remember he could have single-handedly allowed you to sleep last night by voting no in the first place
This country is so fucked up that waking up to find out you still have healthcare is exciting and good news
I woke up to news that McCain found some semblance of a spine last night.

Everything about this country is so absurd right now.
Going to bed now, but I guess I'll be waking up to find out no one has healthcare anymore?
Post #r_u_n_5k shenanigans  
My wife, my cats, friends, empathy, being able to run and generally being able bodied, a successful career and generous severance package  
Afternoon mini cheese party with    
This form works for me  
Eating is a distraction from drinking water. I guess I should stop eating.
No YOU have a Skittle stuck in your keyboard
I’m still peeved at trans people who’ve been quick to dismiss the trans military ban as not being important enough for our attention /1
Thread 👇  
Obviously.  
Transphobe: *unfounded, factualy incorrect garbage*
Me: provable facts based on actual science, medicine, and history. 
T: you're delusional
When you're straight up schooling someone on Twitter, but they just can't quit your mentions
Transphobes are OBSESSED with other people's genitals. They are perverted sexual predators.  
I asked to be treated like a human  
How do you know what genitals someone has? What are *you* doing in the bathroom???  
"Please ask nicely to be treated like a human being"  
If you require marginalized people to be polite in order to care about them, you're not an ally, you're a problem.  
Not now, Emoji Movie. Not now.  
Sigh nice.  
If you're a white cisgender dude, maybe don't show up to a protest for trans people to argue with a trans person while saying you support us
We have ice cream on our side.

You hear that, Trump? We got ice cream.  
I *did* have plans for tonight, but now I have to protest instead. 

NYC friends, please come support my community tonight.  
Where do I send the bill for all the productivity I’ve lost in the last two years because of Donald Trump?
At least something not awful happened today?  
I *hate* being called brave because of anything related to being trans, but this is factually correct  
These two strangers are talking about Trump on the park bench next to me.

“he’s a gangster!”
“he sounds like Adolf Hitler!”
Cis people really hate us a lot.

Those of you who are allies and support trans people, it’s a good time to make sure you’re showing that.
It's not about the military or bathrooms, it's about our ability to exist in and be a part of society and the world around us
It's not about the military or bathrooms, it's about our ability to exist in and be a part of society and the world around us
This is not a distraction. Trans people are people. With lives that matter.
The right is always accusing the left of playing identity politics, but it's the right that is utterly *obsessed* with trans people
Trump and the GOP are dismantling this country piece by piece
Anyone want to tell Trump how many people in the military he just said "fuck you" to?
"Trump will be great for LGBT people"
I'd like to be able to look away from the internet for like ten seconds without something awful happening while I'm gone
I'm unemployed and have a busier day  
Hey, I did my part  
She thinks she has the moral high ground here  
If you’re a Republican in Congress you are a worthless and evil human being. Zero exceptions.
Fuck every single Republican voter
Fuck every single Trump voter
Fuck McCain
Fuck Trump
Fuck McConnell
Fuck the GOP
Mitch McConnell is the single worst human being on the planet. And that is saying A LOT.
It’s also what provides the most results  
It’s really not that hard. It’s going to be okay, Steven. I promise.  
The Rock / Siri 2020?  
I’m somewhat shocked he signed this with his previous track record. This is probably the first good thing he’s done for our state.  
Game of Thrones or Grey's Anatomy  
You should work with Brian. Brian is good in all ways.  
It’s hard to be upset about not working for Verizon  
oh spicey
I would like this. I would also like if the cost to ride was low enough as to be accessible to all.  
This guy went back in my timeline 2+ years to find tweets to screenshot, but doesn't have guts to use his actual name  
I would like it if   actually made shirts with this.  
When you're a misogynist dipshit with poor reading comprehension skills and troll week old tweets  
mom: You have good breeding
me: patting yourself on the back much?
Would love to know what my bot is referring to here  
This damn goober  
I have a really hard adult decision to make right now and my heart and brain are in disagreement. Ugh.
This is one of my biggest pet peeves  
My run this morning suuuuuucked. Is summer over yet?
*went to college* 🤔🤔🤔  
A4: This is what running is for. Running is what brings me back to life. #bibchat  
Evaluating what I’m building against my morals/ethics/values and putting myself in the shoes of a user. #DevDiscuss  
A3: I love fruits and veggies! I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE bananas. FUCK BANANAS! #bibchat  
A1: This question implies that I have a healthy lifestyle now, which…ehhhhhh #bibchat  
Commit messages that just say “fuck.” #DevDiscuss  
The thing about my Googleability and the experience on my resume is ppl already know I’m trans before I even walk into interview
I want to live in a world where this is true.  
They’ll be back with another attempt, but this is good.  
Monday.  
"What makes an engineer successful here?"
"What is your philosophy when reviewing code?"
"Can you talk about how devs mentor other devs?"  
I'm into this turtle  
*gasp*
I
*gasp*
fucking
*gasp*
hate
*gasp*
the
*gasp*
5k
Excited to have Congress take all of my civil rights and legal protections away from me because I'm a gross tranny!!!! 🙃😜😛🤡😋🤣😂😝  
A2: None. My worst races are all important parts of how I got where I am now #runchat  
How many of the living has Romero already consumed?
Noooooooooooooo  
Because we still have many   doughnuts and it’s #NationalIceCreamDay,we’ll be making Krispy Kreme ice cream doughnuts for dessert
A 13.1-mile run followed by a 10-mile walk in the sun. I might as well just be at Disney World.
So many takes from people pissed off about a woman Doctor who are making it very clear they don't actually understand Doctor Who. #doctor13
This is amazing! I'm really excited for the first Time Lady Doctor #doctor13  
I'm not down with this.  
I'm not down with this.  
“welcome to the void”

My bot sounds so much like me sometimes  
Who freaking cares?! What does it matter how slow or fast people do something they enjoy or why they enjoy it?   
I like when the bot tweets about the cats  
How the f is   so damn good? Like how?
We have many doughnuts. Everyone come over and eat doughnuts.  
And it's served on an avocado plate  
I don't have to read this to know it's only good things. 

And red pee.  
Best of luck to   in her new life of daily nacho parties!
You'd be a fool to not work with Lianna  
Always make sure you’re in at least one Slack with    
“Running is a stupid dumb sport but also so good and fun and challenging” - me
I want a more portable computer. I’m between a 10.5” iPad Pro and a 12” MacBook. It’d be easy if I wasn’t looking to program on it.
Spider-Man: Homecoming is extremely good.
I endorse this  
👍  
😳  
Nibbler keeps trying to drink my smoothie and isn’t taking the hint that it’s for me not him
🎶I'm off to do the running
The horrible running of hell
Because because because 
I definitely hate myself 🎶
Sarah.

That's not how you spell New Jersey.  
I'm a bit drunk, but these dudes on the PATH are hating on dogs and I'm about to lose all my shit. Literally every shit I have will be lost
A very happy birthday to the absolutely one-of-a-kind  !! 🤳🤷‍♀️🏃‍♀️🙄🎂🍽🥗🐟☕️
This is one special boy  
Gave in and bought the damn Instant Pot after seeing EVERYONE talking about it today
Me: What's the diversity of the engineering team like?
Recruiter: All male. We're 
Me: *click*
I've met boxes of rocks that are smarter than the Trumps
I miss the days when literally anything at all mattered
It’s 9:50am, I’m unemployed, and I already need need more hours in the day.
Amazon Prime Day: the day we all buy a bunch of stuff we don't need because a culture of capitalistic consumerism compels us to
At this point, I'm going survive the heat death of the universe  
Guy sits on park bench next to me, takes out a guitar, and mumbles "don't worry, I'm actually really good" to me.
I'm into it. Tomorrowland Speedway sucks and needs to go.  
Yes, yes it is  
I picture this being said in the tune of a That’s So Raven commercial  
Wine and cheese gatherings are my favorite thing to come from my time at Tumblr  
You wish this was your life  
We could have had nice things. Instead, we have cats.
I don't have high hopes for Christie signing this.  
"I'm going to try this new thing where I listen to a whole song." -  
Tech interviews are more exhausting than running a marathon. Take longer too.
An Uber recruiter reached out to me. 

That's it. That's the whole joke.
Pretty sure this is an actual thing I say at least once a week.  
Smartest bathroom graffiti  
Just had an informal chat at a company I'm applying to. They talked about career growth and diversity was on full display in their office 👍
I don’t know who this person is, but they’re living their best damn life  
What’s a nice way to tell a recruiter to stop fucking texting me and use email instead? Also to stop asking me to hop on “quick calls”
i thought this said penis  
Tucker Carlson, to the surprise of no one, completely misrepresents Zinnia's tweets and argument.  
I think the bot is onto something  
An important read and yet another example of how messed up things are in tech  
An important read and yet another example of how messed up things are in tech  
Everyone be nice to Zinnia, her mentions are gonna suck even more than they have been recently. 😞  
For some reason this song reminds me a lot of The Weakerthans  
Hi tech companies, if your jobs page includes vignettes of a few of your engineers, you should probably have, you know, at least one woman
It's a good day when I sit in a park with   and randomly see   walking down the street.
No one respects women more than Trump  
me: Should I get Dos Toros for lunch?
wife: We're having Mexican for dinner, FYI
me: I fail to see how that's a factor here 

🌮🌯🌮🌯🌮🌯🌮🌯🌮🌯🌮🌯🌮🌯
I agree testosterone is the best way we currently to divide athletes,but maybe we should reconsider using gendered names for those divisions  
Is my bot kink shaming me?  
Imagine being one of these people replying to   because they think the Declaration of Independence is anti-America
me: why am I *really* feeling this one beer?

beer: hi, i’m 10.4% ABV!
I guess no one ever traveled before Uber  
Fry is following the Roomba around and smacking it. He’s committed to keeping us safe from our robot overlords
Leela is laying on my chest, nudging my hand to get me to pet her, and hissing in my face. 

Cats are strange.
Holy fuck   just came home drunk as fuck. Someone come deal with this for me.
This is absurd. People act as though the only reason to interact with someone is the potential for sex.  
A5: Relocating to the vacuum of space.

Or running early in the morning. #runchat  
A1: Running two marathons and six half marathons #runchat  
My first running memory is HATING running the mile in gym class #runchat  
It's not like the rest of the state wanted to take advantage of one of the best parts of New Jersey  
We took the train right before this out of WTC. Good times.  
All of a sudden   is very concerned with how much Hermes hates Zoidberg
Stop with this fucking shit. You gotta deal with both. Both matter.

Independent media is necessary for us to fight Trump / GOP  
Best thing about running is during that time there is no news to consume. There are no Trump tweets. The world is burning, but I can escape.
How is this guy president?

How are people okay with the president depicting violence against media?

How does this not violate 1st amend?  
Me: *has way too many running clothes*
Also me: *keeps buying running clothes*
"accommodate penis"

Because vaginas are just hotels for dicks.  
This dude is always fucking up everything.  
This country is bad.  
Don't try to do your long run while hungover, kids. 

You might end up having to walk five miles home.
This is a bad decision, Apple. I love this feature.  
Everyone, please, microchip your pets. Even if you don't think they'll ever get out.  
To be fair, puns are an important part of my existence  
Ppl need to be able to walk &amp; chew gum at the same time. His tweets are a direct window to his thoughts.Can't be ignored. It's all important  
My philosophy  
Literally every single morning.  
Notifications triggered by one AirBnb booking:

3 emails
2 SMS
1 Chase alert for the charge
Nah, it's cool because he said Caitlyn Jenner can use the women's room in Trump Tower  
Loved the shoutout to  's badassery on today's   episode
My Apple Watch move goal is at 995/1000 so I'm doing jumping jacks next to the bed
I booked it!

NYC ✈️ London
London 🚆 Edinburgh
Edinburgh ✈️ Berlin
Berlin ✈️ Reykjavic
Reykjavic ✈️ NYC
readable content &gt; video content

I ready literally 100 things to every one video I watch. Probably even more.
Nah, I'm good.  
This doesn’t even make sense. People need to be able to travel with their laptops. That’s non-negotiable in 2017.  
If you don’t wish   a happy birthday today, I’m going to be very upset with you. Please blow up her mentions. 🍰
While convenient on your phone, this is sort of a scary technology to have exist in the world where everything is a touchscreen  
I love that the zombie company in iZombie is called Fillmore Graves. It’s so perfect.
Weird, I just called Esurance to cancel a policy I’ve had for 12 years and they didn’t even ask me why or try to keep me. Meh.
Hi  . I literally just signed up for a new policy and your account page is showing a name I never gave you that isn’t my legal name WTF
Okay, this is actually true  
Unemployed life  
OMG I forgot about this  
The bot is definitely on brand
😎  
🚨 ALL FOUR CATS ON THE BED! THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 🚨  
Wasted 15 minutes on a thing because I forgot PHP concatenates strings with a fucking `.` instead of literally anything that makes sense
I created a Twitter bot version of myself. Check it out and follow! 👉   👈
2016 was so bad it won't even end. It's going to last forever.  
Get you an internet that can do both  
Beautiful day for a beer outside  
🙄
🙄
The #FRNYPrideRun quickly changed from the running of the soggy queers to the homo steamo when the rain stopped and the sun came out
Bagel. #frnypriderun   Nyrr Front Runners 5Mile  
Pride: the time of year when all the straights get to pat themselves on the back for being such good allies
Come say hi to me if you'll be out there splish-slashing in the #FRNYPrideRun today!
God is showing us that he hates gays by raining on the #FRNYPrideRun today. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I need go get knocked up  
The shitbag bros downstairs are having another party which means there's a lot this coming from their apartment  
I really like Veep, but jfc with the transphobia in every damn episode. WTF, y'all, knock it the fuck off.
I wasn’t going to say anything about this, but I have a lot of thoughts.  
I’ve been busier this week than I was when I had a job. I can barely keep up.
If you handle pressure by creating misogynistic and toxic environments, maybe you shouldn’t be a founder.  
It's so nice out today  
Being a kind and “good person” doesn’t absolve you from the responsibility to be ethical in what you build
This is the most Chris Christie take  
Long overdue  
I just had a squirrel in Union Square Park attempt to walk onto my lap. He was quite cute, but I wasn’t interested in sharing my breakfast.
Tweetbot, please add a hot take filter
I just got an invitation from   to a party at my own house
Mitch McConnell might be the single worst thing to happen to America.
I'm trying to put together a multi-city Europe trip and/or PNW trip. And of course I'm trying to plan according to races I can fit in
When you really want to set the record straight about a thing you used to be a part of, but know it's not worth what it'll cause
Why does anyone still care what Caitlyn Jenner has to say?  
2017   race recap! #gmas17 #runchat #bibchat    
“The myth of the ‘cool tech girl’” by    
Me too.  
Called. Out.  
First day of my first full week of unemployment and I already forgot deodorant before leaving the house 🤷‍♀️
Nomzzzz  
Holy crap is it humid out
Empty middle seat?!  
Hi, can we talk about this chick and how she beat my PR by one second today? It was a blast hanging out with you the past two days, girl!  
Just catching up on some news/Twitter now. I'm appaled, but not surprised by both #PhilandoCastile and #BillCosby.
Are you a medal-wearer after a race? I wear mine the whole day, usually. Walking around MSP airport with mine right now. No shame. #BibChat
Da fuq are these splits? #gmas17  
From now on, please call me by my official name, Negative Split Amy
Fuuuuuuuck I love the marathon
Joe Walsh gonna Joe Walsh  
Flat Amy for  ! #gmas17  
I'm mature  
Duluth is like Halloween Town except it's Marathon Town.  
I woke up today with a smile on my face, feeling positive for my future. Just happy to have been a part of something I loved so much.
🙅🙅🙅  
This is the best and correct way to handle bathrooms.  
Stop killing trans women of color, please!*

*not a request  
Reminder that capitalism is v bad and in capitalism you're nothing more than a line item
This right here  
Fried avocado because I'm going to live my best damn life and fuck buying a house  
Very serious question: Does anyone want to take a random trip to Europe with me in the next few weeks?
Excited for   this weekend!! 🏃‍♀️  
To my Tumblr family    
It is my hope to one day take a trip to Duluth, MN that doesn’t involve crying. WTF.
Wow, EWR is a ghost town right now. Like where is everyone??
Either way, I'm very thankful for traveling for a few days and having   this weekend.
Kinda packed in a hurry and through some tears for this trip. Hope I didn't forget anything I need for the race!
Kinda packed in a hurry and through some tears for this trip. Hope I didn't forget anything I need for the race!
1/ Some personal news: As of today, I no longer work at Tumblr.
I hope everyone is okay!  
At least it's raining on a day that I already know is going to suck
So I guess I'm starting two sizable side projects at the same time and in two different languages.
Good god, fuck Tom Cotton. Like jfc, dude.
Maybe just fire him?  
Capitalism is not good
welp.
Bobbi was making a statement and fighting against patriarchy and the exclusion of women. Banditing today is in no way the same thing.  
Wishing to one day have the confidence of a lazy male developer
I keep typing up subtweet threads dripping with shade and then deleting them before sending, but I'VE GOT THOUGHTS, Y'ALL!
You'd think it was unconstitutional or something  
"it gets better"  
Really? A marathon this weekend? Why do I do this to myself?
Factually incorrect  
The problem with having friends who are 10 years younger than you is they have birthday parties that start at 9pm. *yawn* 👵🏻
What’s everyone’s favorite hotel for #BostonMarathon that isn’t $700+/night? Gah, I still can’t believe I finally get to do this.
😢  
A 47:18 10k the week before a marathon I'm not trained for probably wasn't the best idea #Mini10K
I'm too old for this damn shit
If you aren't bothered by blood, this video is wild. Women athletes are tough as nails.  
DJ Khaled and Gavin Grimm have upcoming   AnswerTimes scheduled. 👍
GIFs *finally* work in the iOS camera roll in iOS 11. If this is all they did, I'd have been happy.
Having RSUs as part of your compensation is basically your employer forcing you into legalized gambling
Good luck with that  
The only true reality is that all programming languages are terrible
It seems as though Brexit and Trump have been enough to get voters in Europe to wake up a bit. At least temporarily.
Twitter, what even are you doing?  
Anyone have thoughts on using #golang as the backend for a new app/site? I want to go for it, but I'm fearing I'll regret it later.
I've been on the biggest The Thermals kick recently because of  
People have consistently described me as "endearingly abrasive" for 10+ years. I'm nothing if not consistently on brand
Not sure if I need 🍿 or alcohol for this. #ComeyHearing
There are few less effective ways to make me look at your thing than to send a "hello?" message when I haven't responded yet
Good.  
Skulls with hearts for eyes are basically my aesthetic
Not Hotdog swag  
Stance FTW. So comfy and so durable! #runchat #GlobalRunningDay  
No YOU spent the last half hour adding emoji to your bash prompt  
I kinda wanna run up to the NYRR Run Center right now just so I can hang out with   #GlobalRunningDay  
.   next weekend! 😬 #RunChat #GlobalRunningDay  
Nothing makes me feel like a terrible programmer like how laughably bad I am with regexes
A local 5k that was a fundraiser in the name of a friend from college who had died from cancer #GlobalRunningDay #RunChat  
The 5/6 of the marathon majors I haven't run yet #runchat #GlobalRunningDay  
As a New Jersey resident, this tweet has everything I need to know how this will turn out  
Mostly, it's just fun. Also: helps my mental health, feels good, lets me eat more. #GlobalRunningDay  
Will always love the New Balance 1600 as my favorite, even though I had to switch to Saucony Kinvaras #runchat #GlobalRunningDay  
Nothing. I have too much already. #RunChat #GlobalRunningDay  
Usually 8 miles. I also LOVE running 10k, but hate running 10k races. #RunChat #GlobalRunningDay  
When Chris Christie has been your state's governor for the last 7 years, primary day is basically Christmas. #NJPrimary
My coworker Shah standing on two levitating spinners  
Beer doesn't have or need a gender. This is silly. 🙄  
If anything, it's the opposite for me. It makes me feel like a teen in AOL chatrooms and IRC again  
I've been thinking I want to get back into photography again, but I don't know where I'd fit it in with the new coding project I'm starting
Project code names in tech are going to be the death of me
Oh, wow, this is actually a really good deal if you trust Apple more than Dropbox/Google for this and are in Apple's ecosystem.  
People who humblebrag about how many followers they have 🙄
People who humblebrag about how many followers they have 🙄
My bra is full of trail mix. I have arrived.
Wonder Woman time!!
I've been super burned out on tech/gadgets recently so I'm not expecting much from #WWDC17 to be excited about, but would love a surprise
Yesterday, I got up at 6am and my Watch told me at 10:30pm that I'd burned 2,500 calories, but had not hit my stand goal yet. 🙄
There is very little I want for iOS11 from #WWDC2017, but I'm sure I won't get any of it.
A4: Men and cyclists. #runchat  
Hi #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City, probably won’t make it the whole hour. Last ran in Central Park and along the West Side Highway  
I’ve been teaching myself golang this weekend and I think I’m in love
Important 4-tweet thread  
Post #nyrrretro 5-miler!   Central Park  
I think my favorite cover of “Skulls” might be by The Prettiots
Oh man, I would love to go for a run with   or    
Tamar is the best!  
I run into this every single day on my commute.  
So I guess   agrees with this?  
Everything about this is wrong.

This destroys young people's lives for doing what young people do.  
When you order a 23oz beer at the bar and immediately spill it all over yourself. Soggy dress. Soggy flats. Sticky everywhere.
"Did you just go for a run or is that PHP sweats?" - my worker after I came back into the office after a run
me: I wonder what today's argument is in Tumblr's holy-war channel

channel: CEREAL IS A TYPE OF SOUP! TACOS ARE SANDWICHES

me: 🤔 
me: 🏃‍♀️
I have mixed feelings about Pride month. Part of me is like "YEAH GET YOUR PRIDE ON!" Part feels like we're othering &amp; exploiting ourselves
DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!  
Our entire society is set up to destroy women &amp; give little recourse to fight back. Then when they break &amp; lash out, they're punished for it
Reading things is a lot easier and more convenient than watching. I don't bother with video content when I can avoid it.  
I've been programming for 11.5 years and today is the day I finally updated my bash prompt to display my current git branch  
It's my friend  's birthday! Everyone wish him happy birthday because he's super rad and totally the best!
Taking my first spin class in a while tonight. Not looking forward to it.
It's always a real bummer when a thing you love becomes a thing you hate
Computers, Why Are They Bad? A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
Good thread  
If you're mad ppl took a few hours to have a little fun with covfefe last night bc you think it's a distraction, what are you fighting for?
*wakes up to find out she missed #covfefe while sleeping*
If true, the fact that being president is destroying him and making him miserable may be the only silver lining to this administration  
It's almost as if systematic oppression can have serious effects on your health    
So MRAs and alt-right weirdos are still calling people cucks like it's insulting to anyone, huh?
More white men commit mass killings in America than anyone else so maybe the problem isn't muslims, maybe it's literally *islamophobia*  
There are like 1.6 BILLION muslims on Earth and like 6,000 in ISIS. That's 0.000375%.

More white American men kill people w/guns annually  
literally accurate  
This 👇  
I'm glad there's a new season of House of Cards available so we can see a stable and realistic presidency
I would like to thank Nibbler for making it look like I tried to kill myself  
This is gay  
Hold up, Christopher Lloyd is only 78?! He was 47 when Back to the Future came out? Whaaaaat?!?!
Tell me I'm not the only one who thinks the audio mixing for   is awful. I can never hear dialogue over music/sfx #DoctorWho
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City. Next race is the Retro 5-miler in Central Park next weekend  
If you were starting a new personal project today, what tech stack would you use?
At least Target is inclusive of the trans while profiting off Pride  
Today was the first time I actually did any sort of a real run in Central Park. #damnhills
Trump is like the least godly human on the planet.  
PSA: Don't be an asshole to someone and then try to justify it as "sharing your opinion." You're still an asshole.
It's helpful to remember to do a `git stash apply` after coming back to work you had stashed. #willnevergetthathourback
It's helpful to remember to do a `git stash apply` after coming back to work you had stashed. #willnevergetthathourback
There is SO much great music here  
coworker talking to someone else across the room: we can override the mail option

me: yes, please override males
Could he look any douchier than he does in this?  
I don't know who did this, but it's perfect  
man: Review my pull request
me: Pls fix X
man: No. I'll do Y instead
me: That doesn't fix my issue w/it but fine
man: Please review again
I would go literally anywhere with these two driving/flying  
This is fine  
This was surprisingly really interesting to read  
Can't believe all these snowflakes trying to stop free speech by getting outraged over a little body slamming 🙃
Before I get sucked down into today's version of the hell we live in, I'mma take a moment to reflect on my wonderful rain run this morning
Remember when Trump said only he can make us safe from terrorism?

This sure is an interesting strategy, but we should trust him.  
*watching zombies eating ghost peppers on iZombie*

“Hmm…maybe I’m a zombie?”
This should be printed on the back of all Trump's electoral maps he likes to give people  
I call a day a win if I git blame broken code and it turns out that it wasn't actually me.
Rep Blake Farenthold has a closet full of dead bodies.

Source: this tweet  
So wouldn't the obvious conclusion be to copy their universal health care system?  
Seems like a fixable problem  
A literal pissing contest  
Programming  
*can't focus on anything no matter how how she tries*

*gulps down four shots of espresso*

*OKAY LET'S DO THIS!*
$150 worth of alcohol 104 nights/year is a completely ridiculous vision of how millennial spend their money, but that's not the problem here  
It truly amazes me how dense some white men are
There's a big unattended bucket of candy sitting in the office. Is   testing us??
I want to live in a house made of bagels. But the bagels don't go stale or rot. And there are no doors so I have to eat my way out.
The most New York thing is waiting for an hour for a bagel while staring at a perfectly good free breakfast
😢  
Spend a moment on this thread. It'll be worth it, I promise.  
In pictures: Russia looms large over Georgia's LGBTQ community  
Obviously  
Race bib selling is a really easily solved problem by simply offering an official means for bib exchanges/transfers.  
HEY! IT'S ALIENS!

I MEAN IT BETTER BE ALIENS!  
Twitter is an upstanding pillar of morality in modern tech and will lead us into a classless, hate-free future of respectable discourse
No love  
My #AirbnbBKhalf race recap!   #runchat #bibchat  
I have an amazing skill of being able to write 500+ words in a race recap before I even get to the race itself
Got a good laugh watching   literally try to herd cats this morning after they all ran out the door
I spent 6 hours wandering around Manhattan without a phone today. It wasn’t terrible.
Look this is absurd, but I don't want to be friends with 100% of people anyway so whatever fuck you  
Bad idea: ordering IPAs by the liter at 9:30am on a completely empty stomach after a half marathon
#AirbnbBKHalf done! Hip was mostly okay, can't complain.  
If the GOP were smart, they could easily take down this whole admin and spin it way in their favor for years to come.  
It's roof beer o'clock  
"we have a good collection" - me, re: our 3.5 cat menagerie
Current thought: "maybe I'm actually a bad programmer because WTF IS THIS MESS I CREATED AND SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME BECAUSE WHAT?!"
Oh. My. God. Disney. Please.

This would be just perfect. PLEASE.  
It's been like 24 hours since the last big news bomb dropped. I feel like we're due for another one like 23 hours ago.
‘This Doesn’t Sound Legal’: Inside Nike’s Oregon Project  
Hattie likes her new window perch  
Put this in my mouth  
Put this in my mouth  
Really wish Archer would stop with the transphobic jokes. I love this show so much, but I could do without this.
Got the results of my MRI today. It showed nothing. Literally nothing. Basically, doctor says to just keep doing what I'm doing
It takes some kind of snowflake to think you're entitled to other people's time, energy, and debate.  
"You won't debate me on twitter! See it's because you're a fake woman!"

I don't waste much time on ppl who don't reply with good faith  
I guess they didn't have enough characters for the "with few exceptions" punchline  
❤️❤️❤️  
While more wild shit was happening in this hellworld, I was at an amazingly great and cathartic lunch with my fellow   femgineers
There is not enough 🍿 on this planet for all this  
I can't believe they couldn't stop him from tweeting today.  
Roger Ailes died too? Color me less sad about that one.
Shit, Chris Cornell? 😢
Too hot in NYC. I don't like it. Someone turn on the air conditioning. pls kthx
We've officially entered the time of year when all of the doorknobs in the apartment have wet running clothes hanging on them
Danielle: We don't like Billy Corgan, right?
Me: Right
Danielle: I can't keep track anymore.
Me: Just assume everyone is a transphobe
Why was it necessary to use trans people as the butt of a joke here?  
Just saw La La Land for the first time. It's not very good.
Twitter, good job on using an open text field. Bad job adding gender at all.  
Given this, it seems as though Ryan should go down with Trump  
"pro-life administration"  
The #rickmobile came to tumblr HQ today!  
So I could eat my way out of it every time I need to pee?  
Paul Ryan doesn' t care about anything now that Trump helped him take healthcare away from the poors  
This actually sounds ideal.  
You know how you get facts? By having an investigation.  
Honestly, the look that's permanently stuck on Tucker Carlson's face at all times should tell you everything you need to know about Fox News  
Anyone else think it's super weird that Amanda Palmer has a track on this Hugs for Chelsea comp?
.   is free!!
Actually, MP3 is the name of the scientist  
This admin is like a greatest hits of presidential fuckups  
Cat Grant's speech on this week's Supergirl sounded like it was written to be about Trump
Typed "do 'em at your leisure" in a work message to a coworker. Autocorrect changed "'em" to "me."

Very different meaning.
My personal brand is so weird that it doesn't matter what you think  
Nothing. Literally nothing. They are going to do nothing.

Because they are cowards and care more about tax cuts than the country.  
The only real problem with dudes wearing rompers is they'll be able to pee without getting naked in public bathrooms because patriarchy
Trump, the man complaining about leaks to the press, openly shared classified information with another country that isn't even an ally  
Objectively, blueberries are the best berries
I fell asleep for a few minutes during my MRI and now I'm like all kinds of messed up with time and mental state
Why do people take Louise Mensch seriously? Don't do this, people.
Need to buy emergency underwear
My hip did not feel great on my 10k run this morning. Starting to think I may need to call the rest of my spring a wash and take a few weeks
This is bad. Literally the opposite of what should happen. Honestly, all cars should be banned from Manahattan.  
Even #DoctorWho is anti capitalism now 😏
Proud af of those skills  
There's zero chance this won't go to his head and he won't start referring to himself as a doctor and a lawyer. Great.  
Asked the cats what they got   and me for Mother’s Day tomorrow. I got no answer. Ungrateful!
Hasn't Google been promising this since Android 3.1 back in 2011?  
accurate  
I truly don't understand the people who fly into my mentions out of nowhere to tell me to kill myself and then immediately block me
There are very few things that get to me more than complete and utter disrespect for other people's time
Apparently, I’m not getting an MRI today because appointments mean nothing.
Her command of the English language and coherent communication is impeccable  
Then he'll have no problem releasing them.

Oh OH  "exceptions." Got it.  
This is fine  
Well, folks, I've been proven wrong. Will only be tweeting about running from now on. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Honestly, just like fuck everything.
One of the worst things about being ADHD is not being able to just like drink some coffee to wake myself up and give me a jolt
I will save this for every bad day as reminder that I'll never be this pathetic.  
I've been saying for the last 18 months that we should be allowed to invoice Trump for our lost time  
I got to pet this friendly boy on the subway so today is good  
I got to pet this friendly boy on the subway so today is good  
I proposed changing the name of the politics channel in Tumblr's slack  
My feelings on cats summed up  
Can't click a malicious link if you throw your mouse away  
pls come back home, aloria  
I tried to come out at 15 and there just wasn't an avenue for that. There was no one like me I could look to. There was just nothing  
More hope that other countries are paying attention to the hellfuckery that the USA and UK dove into and are running far away from it  
A thing I've been thinking about lately is which states will join together to form smaller countries when the USA completely breaks
"he'll do what he wants to" isn't quite how our government should be run or is designed to run or how any democracy runs  
Ignoring everything else, how on Earth did they not expect this to be a big deal?  
Comey, smoke 'em if you got 'em  
Who is missing 2016 right now?
Just think of the stories we'll all have to tell if we survive* Trump

*from the grave
McCain is a useless and spineless piece of shit  
Comey may be the most hated man in America. Left hates him for handing the election to Trump. Right/Trump hates him for investigating Trump
Nothing says you have nothing to worry about like firing the guy who is looking into what you've done
This whole country is a complete shitshow and we're all part of it
So how about that government of ours
This is actually a really neat idea, but it (unsurprisingly) is light on NYC-area races  
Made it my entire oncall week with zero pages! LIFE IS GOOD!*

*she says confidently with 36 minutes to go
I'm really sick of coffee shops that don't offer wifi for the purpose of encouraging people to talk to each other  
Staring at an x-ray of my hips/pelvis
*filling out intake form for new doc,gets to surgery section*

"gee, wish we could all agree on a non-terrible name for cutting yr junk off"
When you have good intentions and want to do something good, but select your worst idea instead of your best idea and don't think it through  
What? No. Just stop talking.

That's not how it works at all.  
#BodilyAutonomy must be a core value of the Democratic Party  
No. No they don't. Body autonomy is not negotiable  
Really hoping Le Pen losing is enough to stop the global slide towards fascism and we can keep this crap contained
Happy that France didn’t make the same mistake USA and UK did
#DoctorWho is giving us a lesbian companion this season? Fuck yeah!
Ice cream rolls! So good!  
The Catucky Derby in our house &gt; The Kentucky Derby
Cool can   Würstbar  
Exactly why I hate this whole #breaking2 thing  
That I didn't stay up to watch #breaking2 last night and I'm only just not checking in on what happened shows how interesting I find this
"It's your fault for reading what I wrote and not what I was thinking"  
Oh, wow, this week's #Brooklyn99 is GOOD. Like this-is-one-of-the-best-shows-on-tv good.
Example #346 why even NYC isn't safe for us.

I'm fairly close to this area every day. It's terrifying.  
I'm a marathon runner. Sleep 7hrs/night. Eat reasonably well.

Still have mental health issues. Still can get sick. Still can have injuries.  
Seamless for margaritas
Poor guy  
Sounds about right. For the record, I hate this train station.  
double fisting rainbow cookies
An admission like this should automatically disqualify someone from elected office  
This x1000!

I've not signed up for races simply because I couldn't find all the necessary info. Shouldn't have to hunt for the basics.  
Can we jump back to Trump's "religious freedom" EO for a sec? ACLU dropped their lawsuit bc it doesn't actually do anything. Accurate?
Can we jump back to Trump's "religious freedom" EO for a sec? ACLU dropped their lawsuit bc it doesn't actually do anything. Accurate?
A dad who wants to have sex with you  
Why is it that rapists will get to keep their healthcare and rape survivors will lose theirs?

Oh, right, patriarchy. #AHCA
I'm a transsexual with depression, anxiety, and ADHD #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Handmaid's Tale would be a lot more enjoyable if it wasn't a documentary about our near future
I want to know what it's like to love anything the way   loves dead poors
Trump's favorite pastime will be able to stop you from getting healthcare because of #AHCA
There is nothing unintentional about this  
Nothing makes me want to be violent more than the idea of punching that shit eating grin right off Paul Ryan's shit eating face  
White men love to treat politics like a game of chess when they have nothing to lose while women, POC, and LGBT ppl stand to lose everything
I hope they all die of fucking alcohol poisoning because what they are doing is fucking murder  
Honestly, I kinda want to have kids just so one day I might have grandkids and I'll be able to tell them about when America destroyed itself
Fuck. We're totally going to lose our health care, aren't we?
This photo is perfect  
With #LicenseToDiscriminate EO and #AHCA today, make sure to take some time to find a few things to enjoy today. It's important self-care.
#Maythe4thBeWithYou and all that. #StarsWarsDay #rundisney   
Amelia "total buzzkill" Gapin in full effect today
He asked this question 3 years and 4 months early  
I wish we had free La Colombe coffee every day  
This thread  
It's a good thing the GOP isn't the "pro-life" party  
Interesting how covering pre-existing conditions is important to the people who want to take it away for everyone else  
We're so fucked.

Every member of Congress who votes for his should be charged with murder because this will kill people.  
I mean, in our house, we literally put cats on our laps to get out of doing things. "I can't do it right now, I have a cat! Sorry!!"  
But his $400k speaking gig  
How did no one realize?  
Programming: an endless loop of awful until the Sun swallows Earth, coalescing us w/the molten remains of the hellplanet we once called home
The failing New York Times  
I would love a Haunted Mansion restaurant! I'm a big fan Skipper Canteen and would love to see more ride-themed restaurants.  
The further into the Trump admin we get,the more my fears are validated &amp;I feel the need to reconcile that my life will be shorter bc of him
Heck yes  
Same. I'm super scared for how this will make it impossible for people like me to even exist.  
A6: Staying healthy and doing the things required to make that happen. #bibchat  
A5: Generally, not well. I take it hard but eventually bounce back stronger and more determined. #bibchat  
A1: My podiatrist and PT want me to have cushion. I want as little as possible. #bibchat  
A3: Compliments always make me uncomfortable. I don’t like ppl thinking I’m special &amp; I don’t know how to properly respond to them. #bibchat  
A2: Does the tiredness/soreness affect my form? Does the soreness deviate from typical DOMS type stuff? #bibchat  
A1: I started losing weight an feeling a lot less gross about myself. #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Favorite race distance is the marathon because I hate myself.    
I can't wait until I'm freed from the burden of being considered a person.  
Only bright spot of this hell day was when audibly farted on the table at PT while doing an exercise and we both start laughed our asses off
I'm done having any man's shit today. Seriously, it's not wise to fuck with me when I'm injured and can't run.
The purpose I set on this new Slack channel is basically about how my life is going  
RIP Tumblr's engineering team

Cause of death: line length limits
NO! NO! NO! NO!

Jungle Cruise is my fave WDW ride. Removing the puns will remove my money from Disney's pockets.

 
My lunch was like a Spicy Bang Bang sauce gang bang of fire
Last week I decided I want to keep my desk in standing mode all day, every day, but I clearly didn't think about Mondays with this idea
My kink is so gross and I'm so sorry to say that it was really good for you  
I have a crush on you  
Any time there's a Ridiculousness marathon on, I watch the whole thing
That thing when your allergies are bad and your lungs itch and there's nothing you can do about it
Why do New Yorkers have so much trouble spelling my name?
Happy birthday to the grumpiest, bitchiest, most-human-hating cat in the world. I love her very much and she slept on my belly last night.  
What? Huh? I what?  
What's worse, an off-by-one error in your code or when buttoning up your clothes?
Yet, they have no problem still benefiting it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
i hate him  
Please like my Instagram post so he'll stop bugging me about it and obsessing over it  
Please like my Instagram post so he'll stop bugging me about it and obsessing over it  
Thank goodness I have coworkers like  ,  ,&amp;   to cissplain transness to me! I'd be lost without them! ❤️
Help.  
Why on earth would I think a romper with 8 loop buttons that need to be undone to pee would be a good idea to even own??
Sadly, this work email has nothing to do with running  
"Don't let in immigrants because white people were horrible and I'm afraid they'll to do us what we did to others."  
There's only a 50% chance I'm running, but got my #ShapeHalfMarathon bib! #womenruntheworld  
Bodies are stupid! Can I have a new one, please?
Check out the fantastic logo for tumblr's volleyball team! #squadLOGOals  
Sadly, this person likely thinks the answer to this question is "no one."  
America: Where bringing up poverty as something we could use the military's budget to solve is a "stupid liberal talking point"  
Maybe my point is actually that countries are a bad idea!  
At least I typoed/deleted/fixed the same tweet multiple times. Crushing it!
They're only "illegals" as long as we keep criminalizating immigration.

I support fully open borders. No one is illegal.  
If you're curious how one of my projects at work is going  
Just saw a house centipede run across the floor and under the couch so now we have to burn the whole place down.
Anyone have any gym bag recommendations? Preferably with a separate zipper section for shoes. Prefer backpack,but would consider tote/duffle
Nathan Fillion is everywhere these days
Just hanging out with Jamie Clayton and talking Doctor Who with Freema Agyeman at work today  
Ugh. No.  
My #runDisney Star Wars Dark Side Half Marathon recap!   #runchat #bibchat #starwarshalf #DarksideChallenge  
Why would they want to keep an oppressive and horrible burden like Obamacare for themselves? Oh, maybe it's not actually those things. Huh!  
A5: Always a dry change of clothes for after (usually doubles as pre-race layers for cold races) and Body Glide. #bibchat  
A4: We have a shower at the office so I could make it work, but it's ~23mi bc of a lack of pedestrian river crossings to Manhattan #bibchat  
A3: Always let them hang dry as long as I can and then put them in a plastic grocery bag for the trip home. #bibchat  
A2: Two days ago in Disney World at the #StarWarsHalf! It was a blast, just like all #runDisney races! #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! Don't think I have just one dream vaca spot. Would love to see everywhere    
I was just today thinking I'd write a blog post about this same topic. Probably still will.  
Today is more than a light jacket day
If you don't pay attention to me in Slack, I'm probably going to do this to get your attention  
I was so busy making fun of   in our deploy slack channel that I forgot to merge my own code into our deploy to production  
My #StarWarsHalf 10k race recap!   #bibchat #rundisney #DarksideChallenge #StarWars10K  
If you have to ask for it, it's not praise  
False! Your mind HAS to know what's coming. And it has to embrace that. That's the only way to have a strong marathon.  
Pretty sure this isn't going to be possible.

Though, he didn't specify that it had to be a "living" person so maybe?  
Figures that after a 10k, a half marathon, and a couple dozen miles of walking this weekend, my hip feels nearly 100%. Bodies! 🤷‍♀️
TSA, a government agency that has declared water, the thing necessary for all life on this planet, a threat
Funny how it's "real America" that is always going out of its way to celebrate that time they tried to stop being part of America  
I see   in this tweet!  
Marathons need to stop having lottery entry 11+ months before race day. This shit is absurd. #runchat  
Epic day:
✅half marathon 
✅Hollywood Studios
✅Epcot
✅Magic Kingdom
✅5 FastPasses
✅beer
✅cheese
✅ice cream
✅Star Wars
✅puns
These baby ducks!!!  
Ice cream is basically like hey let me put the most wholesome happiness in your mouth
I've said it over and over again, engineers need to speak the fuck up and refuse to build unethical shit. No excuses.  
Is Uber capable of going even a week without getting exposed for being absolute evil garbage?  
Really happy with how my #StarWarsHalf costume came out! #DarthAmy  
My grandson #StarWarsHalf  
Not bad for a costume I put together the night before our trip! #StarWarsHalf  
Hey #StarWarsHalf people, I'm hanging between the balloons for corrals A and B, come say hi!
Darth Vader Flat Amy for tomorrow's #StarWarsHalf! First time ever running in anything close to…  
Darth Vader Flat Amy for tomorrow's #StarWarsHalf! First time ever running in anything close to…  
delete from a database table without a where clause on a table necessary to even boot the application.

I've done this a lot  
git clean a week's worth of work into the abyss  
Having a gearman task limitlessly enqueue itself  
Deploying code to production, but forgetting to push my last commit to github first  
Not syncing my code to my virtual machine  
Not uncommenting code I'm trying to test  
Forgetting to switch git branches  
Sometimes you just want to make sure you're not the smelly kid  
Curious if the guy in front of us knew what he was doing with his arm  
Some birds are real aveholes
Mad Tea Party.  
It's a mountain tour today at Magic Kingdom  
Learning the dark side of the force  
Hanging with Phasma and jsmerc26pt2! #StarWarsHalf  
#StarWarsHalf start  
Reason #312 why millennials are pissed off and do/don't [whatever thing your stupid thinkpiece is about]  
Lots of red in my Flat Amy for tomorrow's #StarWarsHalf 10k  
I forgot how much less stressful #runDisney racecations are when you're not doing four races. #StarWarsHalf
Well, that giant dinner at Chefs de France tonight isn't going make for a very pretty sports bra Amy for the #StarWarsHalf 10k tomorrow
It's gonna be a toasty one tomorrow! Drink them fluids, everyone! #StarWarsHalf  
The beautiful     Epcot - Walt Disney World  
A waiter tried to take our bread from the table and I don't think anyone has even been so terrified of me as in that moment
Just posted a photo   Disney ESPN Wide World of Sports  
I don't trust the authenticity of any of these accounts, but this seems logical for a doofus like Trump  
Current state of running and mid marathon training check-in    
This helped me a lot! Worth a read for all developers who are too afraid to admit they don't understand cryptography!  
"This person follows and tweets at me, should I follow back?"

*checks their profile*

"Hmm runner hmm CATS!!"

*mashes follow button*
This is perfect from beginning to end!  
That's not how this works. You don't just get to take two medals.    
Okay,  , I'll do this while waiting in lines at Disney this weekend. Phone will stay in my pocket. Maybe.

I'll try!  
The fact that I exist makes me inherently evil 🙄  
🐭 🏰
Nah, I'm good.  
Ugh.

I'm going to end up buying a ticket for this stupid thing. Ugh.  
Best pull request title I've ever written  
It'd be fantastic if I could walk with a cup of hot coffee without spilling it down my leg
I guess since it's a runDisney race, I could just walk instead of DNFing if I need to, but it's just so a weird mindset to have for a race
I'm running #StarWarsHalf and 10k this weekend and it's weird going into it knowing I may need to DNF
There's hardly an episode of House Hunters where my mind isn't broken by these people's budgets  
That feeling when you almost like a tweet by someone you hate follow  
It's wild how similar Jewish and Italian families and culture are. They're like 80% the same
The great thing about air travel is that it's a terrible, dehumanizing experience 100% of the time
Not ready for this season to end  
All Slack instances should have    
This is horrifying  
Ugh. Jawbreaker reuniting is honestly my nightmare. I hate this.
What have I done?!  
Bill O'Reilly shouldn't worry too much, he can still have a career as POTUS
"I would have never known you were born a man" #ThingsOnlyTransWomenHear
I've had this exact thing happen to me  
please  
Eep. Poor word choice.  
Eep. Poor word choice.  
Running is the best sport and has the best people  
Oh, come on!  
Literally   and me  
We just had these for dinner. So yummy!  
I'm Hungry, A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
PHP feels  
Tumblr volleyball team is about to play its first game. This is gonna be silly.
The thing about my hip is that it's either extremely fucked or maybe not really that bad and I have no idea which one it is.
I love it!  
Never change,  . Never change.  
One of our elevators broke with four people trapped in it and we're all watching live video of the dramatic rescue
Go  ! Go  ! #Boston2017
I always get silly excited to watch the #BostonMarathon. Today!!! Go real fast everyone! 🦄🏃‍♀️🦄🏃🦄
A dream that's coming true next year.  
Good luck tomorrow to everyone running #BostonMarathon!! Have a great race! I'll be cheering, tracking, and watching from my desk. #boston17
Watching Weird Science on TV and RIP Bill Paxton
The #BostonMarathon app lost all the runners I had set to track 😒
I got the whole trio  
Birthday 17-miler was a bust thanks to my stupid hip, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Fucks and Amelia aren't really two things that go together"
Spinning into the weekend like  
This is an email subject I can get behind  
Honestly, I just assumed this had already happened because our federal government is a flaming pile of garbage  
literally me rn  
FUCK YES!  
Geez, everyone's gotta make some sort of comment when you're foam rolling in the middle of your office
I'm more jealous of people heading to #BostonMarathon this year than ever before. Having to wait until next year is killing me right now!
A giant bomb is what freedom looks like? huh?  
Hating myself for paying $15 for express shipping bc I waited all week to actually place the order for some clothes I'll probs return anyway
The exciting thing about this president is that now I have to check to make sure WWIII hasn't started before I tweet anything non-serious
It's 10pm, do you know where your kitties are?
Slack statuses are just a new way for Tumblr employees to shitpost.   immediately tried to do the Bee Movie script  
Slack DMs with    
Always be measurin' them dicks, yo  
The worst part of marathon training is, without a doubt, the insatiable appetite you get a few weeks in.
Friends, if you'll be there, let me know so we can meet up!  
You probably don't want to work with me  
We're playing with   at work and I tried to draw a cat, but it ended up just being some weird cat/pig hell hybrid  
I miss having a president who didn't threaten war via tweets  
I swear, this better be fucking aliens, NASA. My patience with the lack of alien content in your announcements is wearing real thin.  
"It thinks my penis is a cactus."

An actual sentence I just said that I hope will not be shared out of context.
Don't out trans people. Ever. Just don't, okay?
You gotta have code to have bugs. Just sayin'  
It's okay to criticize things/people you like. Your affinity towards someone/something shouldn't make them off limits or lower your bar
Empowerment you have to pay for is just a cult.
Feminism isn't immunity from criticism
Fuck.  
Putting out a feeler for runners who are js/mobile devs or designers who may be interested in working on a running related project? #runchat
My physical therapist's office is always a 90s alternative and punk throwback. I don't hate it.
A better option would be to just increase supply of the colors they already have  
But it's Muslims who are violent and dangerous  
Every sporting event should have a cat  
More assholery out of North Carolina.  
It's almost amusing the hoops people will jump through sometimes to avoid just acknowledging that what you're saying is valid and a problem
Sometimes ya just gotta mute Neil deGrasse Tyson outta your timeline
In related news: 'Charging Bull' sculptor can eat a dick  
BWAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA  
Generally, I like Oiselle and their clothes, but there are a lot of valid criticisms to make. These are a good subset of them.  
This guy controls the largest and most deadly military in the world.  
This guy controls the largest and most deadly military in the world.  
When you think of the perfect domain name for that site you want to build while on your run &amp; come home &amp; buy it before even grabbing water
A6: To start. #bibchat  
A4: Definitely a mix of both. I could do better, but I don't self-sabotage too much. #bibchat  
Almost always the company's desire to make more money and few engineers having enough of a backbone to speak up #DevDiscuss  
I guess Uber got jealous that United, Pepsi, and Spicer had stolen all the attention from them  
A3: lolololololololololol

*eats a bagel and handful of cookies*

lololololololololololol #bibchat  
A2: I don't run in the dark and I make sure I'm always aware of people around me. I hate that I have to do this. #bibchat  
Always do right by your users. Treat them like people and make sure what you create can never be used against them. #DevDiscuss  
A1: It has to be part of my life, not an add-on. It's routine in my schedule, planning, and thoughts. #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City and this is my new favorite pic of myself!    
Why are we still letting North Carolina be a state?  
Who did it better:
- Pepsi
- United
- Sean Spicer
For #NationalPetDay, please enjoy my babies!    
The best part of my day is when   and   invite me down to the 6th floor for meat
It's a good thing it's not currently Passover or this would be extra terrible   
These medals are cute and I'm a sucker so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
When your localhost is a dystopian nightmare  
Okay, this shirt was not a fucking tunic when I started the race. Some of these Lululemon tops are too damn long, even for my long ass torso  
It's fantastic dress and cardigan weather in NYC right now!
To *anyone* trying to justify the   thing,do you not realize the thing you're justifying is assault? Or do you think that part's okay?
"I wonder if Seamless delivers to showers"
.  is back tonight!!
That didn't take long!  
I have bags packed from multiple trips over the last month and I half that I still haven't unpacked. Ugh.
A5: I don't drink alcohol in the week before a goal marathon #SaltyChat  
Of course,   thinks it did no wrongdoing and it was the passenger's fault that he was assaulted.  
I legit just spent a half hour researching pet sugar gliders, but it looks like we wouldn't be able to have them and the cats together
Figures I have worse DOMS after yesterday's controlled half marathon than I did after the two I went hard in
Salad for One: A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
Trump is a lot like the Simpsons in that there's an applicable quote for just about everything
Thanks, Target! I'm SO excited about that new tub of protein powder I ordered. Oh golly, I just can't wait!  
Looks like he won't be going anywhere for a while  
Interesting theory. I could probably write a few thousand words about this.  
The fact that an article like this even has to exist tells you everything that's wrong with this situation and capitalism.  
Looks like my resting heart rate is 46 now so I'm slowing inching my way down to death
Why would they have to give up a seat they paid for because YOU overbooked the flight? Maybe don't overbook.  
We all laughed  
I'm pretty sure   enjoys being a complete shitshow, tbh. It's like their thing.
My race recap for the   Rutgers #UniteHalf Marathon!   #runchat #bibrave #RutgersHalf  
Never stop punching Richard Spencer  
Of course they did  
This is good because I talk to our cats more than I do most people I know  
It'd be so easy to move on after ending that relationship though  
Cat tongue  
Just had fun and stuck to plan while enjoying the ol' alma mater at the #unitehalf today!…  
Because the other generations fucked our future so we have no money. Also, capitalism is stupid. And so are diamonds.

Saved you a click.  
I almost never move. I've knocked men twice my size to the ground before.  
This girl is three years old today!!  
I had totally forgotten about Kid 17 until just now. So good.
It must be rad to be able to sit back and easily support sending other people to kill and die without any risk to self  
Welcome to decades of Gorsuch fucking women, POC, and queers  
Someone put lunch inside of me immediately or I'm going to have to start cannibalizing my coworkers
Wait, what?  
A Jungle Cruise movie could be cool if done right (it probably won't be). Then they'll alter the ride w/stupid movie crap. Ack.  
So I guess the media is just gonna suck the hell out of Trump's dick now that he's fired off a bunch of missiles. Cool. 😡
Remember when he said he cared about Syrian children this week?  
Trump will blame this on Obama and "the mess he inherited." Good things are his doing, bad things are Obama's fault.  
This episode of the   podcast is an amazing discussion about nutrition/health that I learned so much from!  
I guess a mushroom cloud could cause an eclipse too  
This is bad.
This is bad.
I am a firm believer of zero tolerance for doping. Lifetime ban. Return every dollar of prize money.  
Everything should be a Girl Scout cookie
Me: I bet it'd be cool to work at Strava
Me, after seeing this: Never mind, they make the same stupid product decisions everyone else makes  
McConnell has done more to destroy American democracy than anyone else in this country and that's saying a lot.  
All days are good soup days #alwayssoup
On more than one occasion  
I want this  
Replace my blood with coffee
Those pesky leftwing activist groups are at it again!
Imagine being Mitch McConnell and thinking history will ever be on your side  
So so so much this. It's really jaded me when it comes to clicking on anything anymore.    
We had  's one pot chickpea curry &amp; rice for dinner tonight and it was so darn good!
Tumblr engineers solve engineering arguments in a civilized manner, over tea and cookies
Aw yiss  
I did not know Payless was closing. That sucks. They were really important for me early in my transition.  
A6: Few running shoes come in wide sizes which means I have to wear men's versions which are all super ugly. #bibchat  
A5: Diff shoes have diff lifespans. Mine tend to last 375mi. Rotating multiple pairs can help remind what they should feel like #bibchat  
A2: Bottoms and bras: every two runs. Tops: after each run. #bibchat  
A1: I oddly don't really ever smell. It's actually really weird and causes me to forget to wear deodorant lot. #bibchat  
Humanity should sue this man for:
1) Putting butter on his bagels
2) Getting bagels at Dunkin Donuts  
Did anyone else go from not caring about chocolate to being obsessed with it after transitioning?
So   was on a normal schedule for a whole four minutes before it fucked up again.  
I guess this administration doesn't want America to be a world leader anymore? A world leader would speak up &amp; out here. This is a disgrace.  
Never trust cats  
Before you tweet that hot political take of yours, stop and ask yourself how much skin you actually have in that game.
What the hell  ?! The discrimination in HB2 wasn't repealed. 🖕  
iZombie is back tonight!
"The world is hell and, if you're lucky, one day you'll die" - me, after my hell commute today
Well, that was a garbage 6 miles.
Humans are little more than sentient food tubes
The older I get, the less patience I have for people derailing conversations I'm trying to get information from
Take this survey to tell us about your experience!

Now that you're done with the survey, take this survey about the survey!
Attractive? Who who thinks he is attractive? WHO?!  
My last three half marathons have been 1:39:40, 1:39:58, and 1:39:51. Talk about consistency.
NYCRUNS Ladies First Half Marathon recap! #runchat #bibchat    
Nice  
Order of meals in our house:
- pre-breakfast
- breakfast
- post-breakfast
- lunch
- pre-dinner
- dessert
- 2nd dessert
- salad
- 3rd dessert
It'd be rad if humanity stopped treating everything about women's bodies as obscene
Sup  
And now the rest of my day is the three Cs. Couch, coffee, cats.
Brunching right at     SOUTH HOUSE Bar &amp; Restaurant  
Serious question, why doesn't Twitter want people to use Twitter?
Snagged a (small) new PR today in rough 20mph wind at the Ladies First Half Marathon. #runchat  
.  where do I send $60 bill for Lyft I'm taking bc your WTC train didnt show up according to schedule &amp; there were no announcements
It's 7:51 on a Friday and I'm in bed. Tumblr hack day will wreck you.
Staff taking a break from hack day to watch the   launch #falcon9  
This is a lie. #HB2 isn't repealed by this, it's re-packaged.   is no better than  .  
I never knew I needed this until right now  
Facebook Fundaiser
Messenger Fundraiser
Instagram Fundraiser  
It's Tumblr Hack Day today/tomorrow and I feel like our April Fool's thing this year should be just making all our hacks live
If I buy something on your site, maybe spare me the daily marketing email for like at least a day? kthnx
If I buy something on your site, maybe spare me the daily marketing email for like at least a day? kthnx
This question is only valid if you think a woman's reason for existing is solely for the pleasure of and consumption by men  
1/ It really bugs me when running clothing/shoe companies talk about being inclusive, but price most marginalized ppl out of their products.
[POLL] If you were to choose between treating yourself to a set of NormaTec sleeves or a Peloton bike, which would you choose?
me: It's 59º out, 10º away from being nice

everyone in the room: *crickets*
I know hydration is important and all that, but I pee every 45 minutes and my coworkers must think something is wrong with me
This is probably the creepiest gif of myself I've ever made  
No, she wouldn't be. At best, she's still a pretty gross capitalist and apathetic towards racism.  
Respect Your Cat (Not That It Cares)  
Rehashing what we did for 150 years isn't a "new era." It's a backwards move.  
Disney. No.

Don't ruin Ralph with this.  
Looks like I'm never sleeping again  
A3: Twitter. I waste so much time on Twitter. #bibchat  
Fucking give it up already  
Well, finally registered for   and booked my flight.
If every single Republican congressman's browsing data doesn't get publicly leaked immediately, I'll be disappointed  
This is cool. Would love to see this catch on with more apps.  
Fuck that guy.

And a company that employs someone like him has to hate diversity  
Looks like there are still spots open for this. Come run a half marathon with me on Saturday!! It'll be fun!  
Okay, nobody *likes* using JIRA  
[POLL] Is it weird/bad/wrong to buy Boston Marathon stuff the year before you'll be running it even if you're already qualified? #runchat
Pretty sure all my cats would choose the food first  
I talk about dying a lot at work  
THIS! This is what I've been saying for years! THIS!  
There's no reason to do this if they're not guilty.  
I think I've successfully trained my male coworkers to bring cookies to my desk on demand. Life is good.
That would just be like an entirely different movie and concept?  
How is Rachel Dolezal even a thing still/again? Ugh.
Cat Hamburger  
These are words to live by  
For the second time in my life, I just slipped and fell on a banana peel in public
When I get a haircut, I *always* specify that my hair must stay long enough for a ponytail  
Just reminded myself how awful the people who post on   are.
This is just a mean thing to say to a robot  
My race recap for  !   #runchat #bibchat  
The office is always so peaceful before   gets here
Thread  
They're not coming because you're making this country an inhospitable hellhole for all  
Would love to know what prompted Mr 43-follower Egg to send this DM  
A2: Really, it's just being alone and getting to think or zone out. It's freeing. #runchat  
A1: Pee, get dressed, sip some water, warmup routine, Garmin in window to catch satellites, shoes on, pee again, and head out. #runchat  
NYC for the win!  
Who wants to come give me a leg massage? I'll pay you in high-fives
Women are the best
Please  
Looking strong in the last few hundred feet! #PhillyLoveRun #runchat  
1:39:59 at #PhillyLoveRun today! 8 seconds off my PR. #runchat #bibchat  
I'm staying at  's house tonight and I walked into the bedroom to find this. Naturally, I made her pose with it.  
Let's do it! #phillyloverun  
Who will I see at     tomorrow?!? #loverunphilly #runchat #bibchat
Who will I see at     tomorrow?!? #loverunphilly #runchat #bibchat
The worst Trumpers are the ones who tell you to get a job and stop living on welfare/handouts. My employer is literally listed in my bio.
I do too. No nazis, no tolerance for abuse, and editable tweets.  
Zeppelin is good and so close to me  
This guy tweeted at me three times to call me racist. The tweet immediately before that calls Obama the n-word. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Going through NYRR's race calendar for the rest of the year trying to see if I can do 9+1 for next year. Kill me.
Siri doesn't have many practical uses, but checking if celebrities are still alive is a good one  
"living because of Obamacare"

Fixed it for you  !  
From now on, the proper style for 45's name is "Failing Donald Trump."
Also, because it was a terrible bill.

And Democrats want to keep their jobs in 2018.  
Imagine being proud of #AHCA. Also, imagine being Paul Ryan.  
It is disappointing that the GOP / Trump weren't forced to carry #AHCA to term.
Take a second and breathe, everyone!

But just one second because Trump / GOP aren't done screwing us.
👋  
I mean, god, Trump is just way too good at making deals. Look at how successful this deal was!  
Ugh, I'm so tired of winning. Could we please stop winning. We're winning too much.  
Well, there goes my only reason to go to Dunkin Donuts  
Do. Not. Breathe. In. Relief. Until. It's. Over.  
"Holy crap, this is fucking great!" - me after seeing a demo of some upcoming Tumblr stuff

GET EXCITED!
Every single one of these Republicans should be implicated in Trump's treason when he eventually goes down for it  
The look I'll give you when I steal your hat  
WTF I get blamed for everything around here  
This person seems to be obsessed with finding out what my genitals are. Notice them coming back 19 hours later without my interaction.  
I'm so sorry for my commit messages  
"unfair discrimination against white supremacists"

unfair

white supremacists

UNFAIR!  
Cats and dogs are the one good and pure thing in this world. Everything else is worthless, awful  hell garbage.
This reminds me how much I don't miss having a job programming a date/time focused application  
It's been like six months and I still refuse to believe the iPhone 7 home button doesn't actually move
This is rad!  
When your whole thing is pushing discrimination against a group of people, yeah, this is acceptable. 

I'm so proud of you, NYC!  
You're worried about a bus being vandalized, we're worried about being beaten and murdered. Whatever, same thing, I guess.  
A bowl of Cinnamon Toast Crunch and avocado toast after a wonderful 8 miles. 👍
. : i'm so full idk how i'm going to run

me: how'd that happen?

foodo: potato
They know it's going to fail and they want more time to strong-arm Republican holdouts  
Just finished listening to  's podcast with  . Excellent episode! Highly recommended!
a;ksfhalksdfjh alsjkdfghaljksdfhgasjldfhg asljdfgh asjklfg  
What about when the latter is made from the former?  
Team lunch   OOTOYA NY  
When you miss typing a word in a tweet about someone else's incoherence  
Abe Simpson is more coherent than our president  
I've got a bagel. Look at this beauty.  
So frustrated by the constant tacking on of additional features to products that are well outside their core purpose  
This doesn't repeal Obamacare, this repeals health insurance. Why even have insurance if these things aren't covered?  
This whole sharing my pillow with Leela every night thing is getting real old
Why tweet a rando and then immediately block them?  
Certainly weird times when the Kochs aren't the most awful ones involved in something  
So we're blaming everyone but nazis for the rise in nazism?  
52% of men have never had sex with a woman outside of procreation. Apparently.  
Yawn.    
To be fair, it's not just spreadsheets. It's literally anything that allows people to enter text/photos/gifs  
Okay, I'm really disappointed in myself right now. I got changed to go run and went outside to wait for my Garmin to catch satellites.
Looks like the wind is pretty brutal out there. Gonna be a rough run along the Hudson tonight. :/
I ship Kara and Lena so hard. PLEASE!  
Dammit, Montana. I was hoping to maybe be able to come visit you again some time. 🖕  
[POLL] Do you drink or avoid caffeine before a run? (reply with details/comments) #runchat #bibchat #saltychat
"I did a sit up" -  
"I did a sit up" -  
I'm fine! I can stop running any time! NO, YOU HAVE A PROBLEM!  
So LGBT people aren't actually people, but instead just political pawns  
You don't say  
My own jokes and tweets  
Followed by "git commit -m 'fuck.'"  
A6: There will be new fashion, shoe designs, wearable tech, &amp; social networks, but mostly I want it to never change. It's perfect. #bibchat  
These are gorgeous. Someone get me the Chicago and Boston ones, please  
Rompers are actually great for trans women because we're too afraid to use public restrooms anyway
Great thread  
Tonight, I have a leg Fry in bed. We put his favorite blanket on the bed to entice him, not that he needs it. He loves to sleep with us.  
Honestly, if Fox News, Breitbart, or Alex Jones said Obama implanted a device in his brain, I bet he'd believe it.

Can we try this?  
I'm a girl in search of some cute new rompers
Ugh. Just deleted and redid a tweet with a bunch of RTs because of a typo. Feel free to RT again, folks!
Curious if she actually knows any honest people  
The salad I'm having with my pizza undoes the unhealthy part of the pizza, right?
Printers are bad.
That moment in every day when you sincerely ask yrself how you're even a programmer at all bc how did it take 3hrs to figure that thing out?
Reminder that we elected a man who eats (New York style) pizza with a knife and fork to be POTUS.
This is a question I will not answer. I don't have a problem with people knowing my birth name, but I do have a problem with being asked.  
.   and I have designated the area behind my desk as the office's official foam rolling area
A friend just hated on bagels. Now they are a former friend and dead to me forever. There is no coming back from this.
I'm guilty of most of these at some point in my life. Once I realized it, I started working really hard to unlearn these thought patterns  
A2: The elimination of men from society. I mean uh, well populated running routes #runchat  
This isn't how a well-functioning democratic government works  
I hate to be that person, but  it's only an acronym if it is pronounced as a word. Otherwise, it's an initialism.
I have a Leela pillow again  
I think I don't have enough cats.

I want more cats.
Zero sympathy for these people.

If you use your vote as a fuck you or a joke, you're willingly fucking other people over.  
Post long run smoothie, mozzarella sticks, and   #nuunlife  
Really? 1930s Germany? Really?  
Yet again, NYC is not some safe haven for transgender women. Nowhere is "safe" for us.  
Lilesa with the X at the finish! #UnitedNYCHalf
I think   is going to take this. #UnitedNYCHalf
ABC's coverage of the #UnitedNYCHalf is not good.
This is a good thread about an ridiculous decades-old argument that people refuse to let go of  
Someone bring me donuts. Please? 🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩🍩
Fucksticks downstairs are havingn another loud party and   is threatening to cowbell tomorrow AM when we watch NYC half on TV
What are your favorite databases/lists for finding new races to run? Seems like there's no single one that has everything. #runchat #bibchat
That last tweet is missing an Oxford comma. I'm very upset about this. I wish we could edit tweets. :(
If *anyone* says "I have never written a single homophobic or transphobic word in my life,” they're lying.
Hattie has gotten too smart for the laser pointer. Now she just looks at it in my hand and ignores the dot.
I was a sociology major. I've been programming professionally for 9 years.

This is a load of crap.  
This is fine  
I'm doing a dreaded Friday evening run today. Friday's are very, very rarely not my rest day, but the snow messed up my schedule. Ack.
I have the native OS X version of Postman, the Postman Chrome app, and Paw all open right now. What am I doing with my life?
He is OBSESSED with this outright lie  
Amazon, we need to talk about this  
Amazon, we need to talk about this  
#altfacts  
"Grammar called. I answered." - A thing I just said to someone who knows how poorly typed my tweets are ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
No joke, I literally had a dream the other night where we started a literal class war against the wealthy  
I gotta come back to this  Why can't we ask that of them, but I have to pay for a wall and gigantic military and Melania in NYC?  
They aren't being forced.

They may call themselves Christian, but they're no followers of Christ's words.  
iZombie comes back April 4th?! Heck yeah!
Another cat that needs a home! Give this cat a home!  
Woman pushes me out of the way to get a seat on an empty PATH train and then gives me a dirty look.

There were more empty seats than people
Of nearly 12k steps on my run, only ~25 were on ice/snow/slush. And 1 of those 25, right at the end of my 8mi, took me down to the ground
Woohoo!  
Why Are Computers Dumb: A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
I'm not one to kink shame, but we all agree at this point that Donald Trump literally gets off on lying, right?  
The "pro-life" party  
I do not consider spending my money on climate change research a waste. However, I do consider paying for Melania to live in NYC a waste.  
THIS KITTY NEEDS A HOME! GIVE HER A HOME!!!!!!!!!!! 🐱  
Hell is trying to plan optional group lunches at work with a bunch of people who are on different teams with varying schedules.
My recent thing at work is  -channeling in Slack that it's someone's birthday when it's totally not.
I made a Clerks: The Animated Series reference like 15 minutes ago about something unrelated.

This is a good day.  
Jesus said to do this, but I get the impression most Fox News viewing Christians would choose to ignore that part of the Bible.  
Well, this is certainly an interesting development. First thing I looked for was that checkmark and it's there!    
You'd think money-hungry pro-mining person like Trump would want to keep ARM since it could eventually lead to resource mining in space  
Are there any NYC gyms that allow you to buy a day pass?
No, they don't,    
Blame Paul Ryan for literally everything. Even Trump.  
Give it up, Trump. This ban is bullshit no matter how you write it.  
I would probably take a job that paid in soup
I disagree with every single part of Trump's budget detailed so far.  
Going to brave the NYC sidewalks and Hudson River Greenway for a run. This is probably a terrible idea! 🏃‍♀️⛸️❄️😬
Seriously, though, please do not ever declaw a cat. It's not only cruel, but it could be a death sentence if they get out of your house  
Twitter troll: I'm not just going to go away because you tell me to

Me: *clicks mute*

Twitter toll: *is gone*
I'm excited!  
You know, it's almost like most women get that trans women aren't men and aren't a threat.  
Thank you to her for saying this  
You know what I'm sick of?

Things being "state issues."

Nothing should be a state issue. State lines shouldn't define rights/humanity/laws
NYC people: What are conditions like along the West Side Highway for running? Is it cleared enough? #runchat
All programming is really just copying/pasting other code &amp; modifying to your needs. Which begs the question of who wrote the original code.
My favorite type of rice is all of them
I'm so tired and exhausted my whole body hurts.

I slept 8.5 hours last night and 8 hours the night before.
This is just Trump confirming that he thinks the only people who matter are famous people  
The White House preemptively confirmed it was your real tax return  
He's a corrupt bigoted liar who is doing everything he can to ruin lives of millions of Americans and destroy our democracy #DearMrPresident  
The #TrumpTaxReturns   released do nothing but raise a ton more questions
Heeeere we go
Trying to decide what kind of drink will be best to have in hand for Maddow tonight
Nah, it's all just fake news  
This isn't nothing, but as we all expected, her previous tweet sorta oversold this a bit.  
Hoooooly shit.  
It's really funny to watch all the news and weather people getting defensive and trying to explain why the forecasts were so off for #Stella
Oh, come on, Neil, why you gotta try to ruin #PiDay?  
There's only like 4" of snow here, but it's so damn wet and heavy. Oof.
Gosh, Gravity Falls is so stupidly good it's ridiculous
Sharing this for my trans sisters who need/choose to wear wigs and want to be able to exercise  
The best thing about repurposing an empty   tube as a pill bottle is your meds taste great
Oh, it's #PiDay! I didn't even realize the date!

MATH!!!!  
Oh, it's #PiDay! I didn't even realize the date!

MATH!!!!  
Weatherman on ABC7 just said "we have thundersleet" which sounds a lot less fun than thundersnow
Apparently, I'm sick
Tumblr should be on this list  
Leela sleeps on my pillow every day and is extremely stubborn about moving when I want to get in bed. So now she's my pillow.  
Geez, it must really suck to not be able to find a job because of what you are 🙄  
.  made a generator for their #ImPretty campaign that censors curses/slurs. Doesn't allow f*g/f*ggot but does allow tr*nny 🙄  
Blizzard provisions:
- beer
- cats
- coffee
- chocolate
I spent six years writing tax calculation software at my last job and I still find doing my taxes to be confusing af
Don't tell me what to do!  
I just can't get my brain in the game today. Can I go back to Montana now?
I just don't understand how anyone can think there is discrimination against white people or Christians.  
"yes, please come"  
Thread  
So I guess I missed some stupid article about trans women having male privilege or something while I wasn't reading Twitter for a week?
The irony of this guy telling people to be nice  
Was not planning to run today after waking up at 3:30 to fly home. And I was definitely not planning to run 13.1mi. But here we are 🤷‍♀️🏃‍♀️
Got off the plane and used the grossest public restroom I've ever seen. Thanks for the welcome home, EWR!
And my friends may get kicked out of the country  
Pretty awesome when you get to pack nothing but clean clothes at the end of vacation
I don't think I panicked, but I changed a lot in these years  
Last day at Big Sky before heading home tomorrow, but  
It's funny how Republicans love supporting our military so much right up until the point where vets actually need our help  
I support accidentally starting the zombie apocalypse as a way to save us from Trump  
Life goals.

Also, this is the same way we talk to our cats.  
This whole thread is right on the money.  
We have the best CEO in the world. I am beyond proud to work for Tumblr. I love my job and I love our company!  
Back in a hot tub   Big Sky Resort  
Damn, when did my butt get so nice?
I didn't expect to, but I've sort of fallen completely in love with Montana. It's a shame I'm probably not a person in this state.
There are zero good arguments for this. This basically is an attempt to push certain people out of existence.  
Honestly, I'm happy about this. Republicans have always thought like this, but now they're at least being upfront about it  
Republicans hate women and have define that within their party's platform. It's every single one of them. And yes, Republican women too.  
Paul Ryan keeps finding new ways to demonstrate what kind of a soulless, children-hating, anti-poor shitbag he is
I also want   to win the #BostonMarathon this year  
The snowmobile crew today! All the fun was had!  
Me and the Madison River  
My day today:
- tour of Yellowstone
- just missed Old Faithful which was NOT on schedule
- had a bison charge at me
- flipped a snowmobile
Seconds later, this bison charged at us. It was incredible   Yellowstone National Park  
OMG gimme!  
Nah, it's okay because nobody respects women more than Trump does  
Hey, look, America is wearing red for #InternationalWomansDay! #IWD  
Tried to go for a four mile run uphill on a mountain at altitude after a day of snowboarding.

Needless to say, that was a failure.
Who is the worse Durst?
This mountain is seriously wild. Just like gigantic and intense.   Big Sky Resort  
Best week   Big Sky Resort  
Okay, so   got some serious air here   Big Sky Resort  
Gotta love faceplanting off a rail right under the ski lift.

Amazing photo of this coming later.
I'm not one to gush over Lululemon, but the Run All Day Backpack is fantastic. Perfect for both 🏃‍♀️and 🏂! 👌  
Use today and every day to support and uplift trans women, women of color, disabled women, poor women, Muslim women. #InternationalWomansDay
We have two houses for this trip and I'm the only woman in this one.

So my question is, which of these men is gonna make me some eggs?
I'm not technically striking for #ADayWithoutAWoman because I already am on vacation, but I would be if I wasn't
Oh, well in that case  
I'm stubborn and refuse to do either  
Nice sunset   Big Sky Resort  
This is good  
End of the day beer time   Big Sky Resort  
Got some new snowboarding socks yesterday and they are very on brand for me  
I feel like if you're in training mode and you ever feel 100% recovered before taper, you're not pushing yourself enough. I'm rarely &gt; 95%  
So many countries that Disney can and should add to the World Showcase.

Top on my list: India, Brazil, Russia, Australia  
Cool. Trump is trying to start a war.  
Dammit New Jersey, we're better than this  
Honestly, The Americans is a real weird watch in Trump's America  
Honestly, The Americans is a real weird watch in Trump's America  
Me, in a hot tub drinking some Montucky after an amazing day of 🏂   Big Sky Resort  
Have cell service again for the first time since 9am and I'm afraid to check the news
End of our first day at Big Sky   Big Sky Resort  
Looks like today is going to be a rough news day. It'll be nice not having cell service all day.

Just assume I'm angry about everything.
What the fucking fuck?!

Fuck!  
I'm so sorry for anyone who follows me on Snapchat
"Buoyancy is the most fucked up thing" -  
Theory: the world ended in 2016 and we're all just living in hell now
So did anything awful happen while I was traveling to Montana?
Bozeman / Big Sky, MT is not a good place to have T-Mobile
Empty middle seat on this flight?!?  
The worst thing about Trump is that there's zero chance anything would make him resign. He'll need to be physically removed from office.
Terminal C at EWR is a hellhole right now
Who cares?  
Unless you hate yourself, don't run the last 3.5 miles of your long run into a 25mph headwind. 

Learn from my mistakes
When 2 lady runners are married:

Her: Are those my running tights?
Me: They were in my drawer!
H: I was wondering where they were!
M: 🤷‍♀️
This.

It's hard to trust the tech industry when it starts to care about things. It rarely feels genuine because the industry rarely is.  
I'm sure all the decisions that led to this hell had good intentions. This is the struggle of software development.  
Having to remember people's phone numbers  
Friday afternoon before vacation is a tough time to be productive at work. My mind is already in Montana. 🏂🏔️❄️🙌
Oh, this is a good thread!  
Took me eight months, but I finally got this thing framed. I'll hang it on my wall as a reminder…  
When pointing out the misogyny in Clinton's email usage being vilified while Pence's isn't,pls don't make penis=man/vagina=woman jokes. kthx
They won't because they don't care. It was never about any issues, it was always just about beating Democrats/liberals  
We still haven't gotten a straight answer on if they're leaks or if they're fake  
"Dogs are more important than ice cream!" -  

I don't know if I should strongly agree or strong disagree with this.
Ew. No.  
Well, I guess I'm officially 0 for 5 for the   lottery. Ugh. #runchat #bibchat #TCSNYCMarathon
.  stopped by Tumblr HQ so we made a gif  
When you get home, but your keys are still at work
"I'm new here, I can't be held responsible for anything." - Jeff Sessions
Preparing for an avalanche of bullshit from this Sessions press conference
My coworker just got his Nintendo Switch and I don't really play games, but I kinda might buy one because it seems pretty rad
I just had a very awkward and uncomfortable experience when I went out to grab lunch. 1/
This is Uber saying they're going to fix their diversity problems by simply removing the diversity.  
I guess I'm "verified nobody." I'm pretty okay w/that? Like, that's not insulting to me?

Also, seriously, what is w/the "cuck" obsession?  
Democracy!  
What huh?  
This is totally fucked up.

It's almost like it's a requirement in Silicon Valley to refuse accountability.  
Imagine having the middle name Beauregard
I refuse to find the context for this tweet because out-of-context this is how I feel every day anymore  
tfw when you introduce a bug into production, but it turns out that bug is sitting on a landmine and fixing it sets off the whole thing 😬🔫
I'm a big Disney fan, as y'all know, but I have no sympathy for them losing a little money. It's time for them to embrace LGBT characters  
Every day, there's more evidence that American democracy and the GOP cannot *both* survive. The question is which will crack first.
Forgot this was today! I guess I'll be checking my credit card charges every 8 seconds all day. Will I get in or go 0/5 in the lottery? 🤷‍♀️  
Some notes from my run this morning:
- fuck that wind
- 8 miles is too many for an empty stomach
- seriously, fuck that wind
I mean, kinda, yeah  
These folks really don't seem to know what communism is.

Also, I'm quickly tiring of any notion that people's right should vary by state.  
Jen's whole thread really captures what it's like to exist in this world as a trans woman.  
If you're "accidentally" bombing, you're either lying or shouldn't be trusted with weapons. Or both.  
A little lunchtime entertainment at Tumblr HQ with jamesblunt  
Why is Trump in quotes?  
Tells a trans woman to open her mind and close her mouth.

Bio says she dislikes those who attack children; supports Trump.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Apparently, James Blunt is a Tumblr HQ playing music for us while we eat lunch. This place is weird.
Apparently, James Blunt is a Tumblr HQ playing music for us while we eat lunch. This place is weird.
Anyone spouting religious ideology at me about me being trans isn't going to get a serious response.  
This guy in my mentions is really bent out of shape bc I said Catholics are weird. As someone who was raised Catholic yeah, they're weird.
This same logic will also be quite comforting for gay and trans youth who were kicked out of their homes by their parents  
"Why the hell do these people have shit on their foreheads?! 

Oh, I guess it's Ash Wednesday."

Catholics are weird.
If you're going to call a group of people stupid, you should probably write coherently.  
You have 17 followers.  
I spent tonight with some of my awesome femgineer coworkers instead of listening to Trump. I win.
I'm so glad I'm only just tuning into this now
It's disgusting the way Trump talks about Americans as if we're better and more important than the rest of humanity #JointAddress
Tumblr femgineers getting their bowling on!   Bowlmor Chelsea Piers  
Me: *complaining about github and semicolons and failing unit tests*
Me: Maybe this isn't the right career for me
Well, if you're going to have marijuana on ever corner, you're going to need the taco trucks for the munchies.  
I'm so glad clean water isn't necessary for human life to exist  
Literally same  
How will I know what sites are down if   is down?
Thread  
I know you're having a bad day  , but your in-house delivery service is terrible and bad.
Ugh. No. Net neutrality is good.  
He doesn't say "we lost Ryan," he says "they lost Ryan." Someone who thinks like that should not be Commander in Chief.  
Hello, my name is Amelia. I'm afraid I'll never get another programming job because I'd fail most basic whiteboard questions.  
Stop killing trans women of color!  
Tumblr movie night tonight was The Holy Mountain. Wat.  
If your argument is nothing more than "science!" you should 1)understand the science and 2)not cherrypick what science you do/don't believe
I'm not saying it was me, but it was totally me  
She also doesn't seem to understand how bathrooms work because she's not using the stalls. Otherwise, she'd have privacy.  
Any penis in the same room as this woman is apparently rape.  
"trans people are perverts! Hey, what's between your legs?"  
I cut my balls off last year, so I satisfy this person's definition, I guess  
"Take high school bio, sex is XX/XY"

I got an A in my college bio classes

"Take a psychology class, you're psychotic"

I was a psych major
There's a party of people who think they understand biology, but never took a biology class after 9th grade in my mentions  🎉
This jabroni is really covering all his bases  
Honestly, it's probably better this way. Panera should not be trusted to make real bagels.  
👏biological 👏 sex 👏 isn't 👏 actually 👏 that 👏 simple 👏 also 👏 why 👏 the 👏 obsession 👏over 👏 other👏 people's 👏 genitals 👏you 👏 fucking👏 pervs  
Don't mind me, I'm just the girl foam rolling behind her desk at work
How about just like health care instead?

And more funding for public schools.  
I do too when debugging PHP because xdebug in Atom is less than good.  
Okay. I'm going to bed. Someone wake me up if this gets interesting again. #Oscars
None of these Walmart receipt shorts are good at all #Oscars
The tour bus bit was bad and awkward and too long and bad. #Oscars
Looks like Mr Bridgegate wants to add his name to the list of people who are trying to cover their own asses  
These Verizon commercials have ruined mic drops
Yeah, you'd think being progressive was good for business or something  
Calm down, y'all #Oscars  
Mahershala Ali ❤❤❤ #Oscars
A5: Depends on animal. Sometimes, you turn around (eg geese). Others, make yourself big. I once lost a game of chicken with a fox #runchat  
I'd like to have a dance party with Justin Timberlake, please #Oscars
Very into Naomi Harris's shoe situation #Oscars  
.  : flawless or absolutely flawless?
🔥🔥🔥  
Not to sound old, but I'm ready for bed
Into this dress  
Quite dapper  
Running is the best sport! It's inclusiveness, support, and community are as good as it comes.  
Gargoyle cat creeping on me from above  
Being an ICE agent shouldn't be fun. If it is, you're probably a racist.  
Oh, no. I just saw about Bill Paxton 😢
Garmin, we need to talk about this. I neither swam nor ran through buildings today  
Thread  
Felt like garbage today too, but I pushed myself through all 13.1 miles of my long run. I always feel extra accomplished on runs like these.
Another amazing wine and cheese gathering hosted by  ! Much middle meat was consumed! 🍷🧀🥖🍾
Never fun to abort a 13-miler just 4 miles in and 2.5 miles from home, but I really wasn't feeling it today. Ugh.
Is there a way I can do my long run this morning without getting out of bed?
Republicans' attack on children continues.  
Being LGBT isn't "the other side of normal." That's the whole point of why we like things like Doubt. They normalize our lives.  
We're having another LAN party at Tumblr HQ tonight so it'll be another night of rapid and repeated dying for Amelia
Love how science only matters when they think it disproves trans ppl, but not for anything else.

Here's the science    
Love how science only matters when they think it disproves trans ppl, but not for anything else.

Here's the science    
More and more this is becoming two separate countries inhabiting the same geography  
I've yet to receive a check. Whom do I speak to?  
Unfortunately, the process takes much longer than 10 minutes. Trust me  
It's 1pm and I'm having ice cream for the second time today. This is bad. Also, this is good.
LOL at anyone who thought DeVos actually tried to stop Trump's rescinding of the guidance  
"Let's get rid of all regulations! Except for Muslims and marijuana and where trans people can pee and anonymous sources for media"  
Shot by whom? The gun nuts are all Republicans.

Also, Gabby Giffords *was* shot and still shows up.

No excuse.  
What about those of us who don't bleed because we're already dead inside?  
I'm sure all the people screaming "free speech" regarding nazis and such will also speak out against this 🙄  
I feel like Ryan Lochte is going to be upset about this  
Having a McFlurry for breakfast because   is a saint  
Protip: If your skirt/dress has a high risk providing a free show thanks to a gust of wind, make sure to wear your Darth Vader underwear
Sure, it's warm out in NYC today, but imagine how warm it could be if climate change weren't just a made up lie by "scientists."
More people support expanded gun control (by far) than are concerned about where trans people pee, but look where Republicans/Trump attack
Twitter, somehow, still doesn't understand the problem in their platform  
You may say you're on the side of trans ppl &amp; want to support, but if you're just another mouth to feed you're not helping, you're piling on
And here it is, folks, the absolute worst take on this  
This explanation makes it even worse, not better  
Republicans and transphobes say men shouldn't be in women's rooms, so why are they trying to put this boy in the women's room?  
This is what we mean when we say it's not just about bathrooms. It's our right to work and exist that is at stake.  
I ran 8 miles and still want to punch the entire Executive Branch in the face. 😡😡😡

8 miles usually takes care of that rage. Ugh.
Trump's job plan:

- ban muslims
- more nukes
- make trans youth the enemy
- destroy the EPA
- dismantle education
- golf every weekend
grrrrrrrrrrr  
The sad life of Punched Nazi Richard Spencer. He thought Trump would advance his agenda, instead he's no longer welcome in public spaces.  
Please stop helping.  
This is the video I needed to see today.

Can I have a pet tiger?  
Allowing transgender people to use the correct bathroom doesn't do this.

Denying them that right does.  
I hate the idea of a woman in power so much that I voted for Hillary Clinton for POTUS.

You just have a problem with you,    
I'm trying to imagine what it must be like to hate children as much as Trump and Republicans do and I just I can't. #ProtectTransKids
I really wish I had run this morning instead of putting it off to tonight. I'm filled with so much rage right now, I could've used a release
Fuck you  
Remember this?  
I guess that means she has no real response?  
I'm bracing myself for hearing about multiple trans kids committing suicide in the next few days. So heartbroken for them. #ProtectTransKids
This is a serious concern of mine and it's affecting my travels plans for the next year and a half or so already.  
When Trump said he was supportive of LGBT rights, he must have meant:

Lies
Grabbing
Bannon
Trump
Hard to be surprised that the same party who decided shooting children at school was acceptable are attacking trans kids #ProtectTransKids
#ProtectTransKids 
#ShowUp4TransYouth
This guy is just oozing with empathy and care for his fellow human.  
People in counties with "free healthcare" get care for their diseases &amp; don't have to go bankrupt. That's literally my whole point. Jackass  
To be fair, that's half the reason I have cats. When I see a spider in the house, I literally throw cats at it  
Thanks for jumping right on this and not waiting for years and years, HRC! 🙄  
Reasons to get the hell off Earth:

- Trump / GOP
- Pollution
- Humans  
Don't be that new guy in the office who takes personal phone calls at his desk every day.
This is not hyperbole. This administration will come with a body count for trans kids.  
Please send me immediately to go investigate. Don't worry about a return trip, I'll just stay there forever.  
"Trump will be good for LGBT people!"

"But held a pride flag at the one thing that one time!"  
"Trump will be good for LGBT people!"

"But held a pride flag at the one thing that one time!"  
This is easily debunked by watching   fawn over Milo the entire interview.  
How's your Tuesday going?  
"Freedom is being owned by capitalism"  
A3: I zone out, but never to the point of not paying attention to people/cars around me. #bibchat  
A1: It's all the time, but not as much as I want to. I'm sure most people think I'm insufferable. #bibchat  
WTF, NC?! Why are you such an awful state anymore?  
It's almost as if Muslims and Jews support each other more than any of the people claiming one is out to get the other  
"Activists are successfully getting people organized and involved in government and it's harshing my vibe! Sad!"  
Looks like we got one of those vibrating foam rollers now  
They spelled patriots wrong  
He's basically IRL Stefan if Stefan was a half-baked unfunny Breitbart parody dipped in misogyny and white nationalism  
Do Republicans grow up w/o cartoons w/villains in them or something? How do they not realize they're the villains?    
I'm sorry, this really disappoints me. Breitbart should be stuck with the monster they created. They should go down with that ship.  
I like how blatant Alex Marlow is about how being anti-liberal is more important than policy/ethics/morals/anything    
What's it going to take to add Richard Spencer to the list of "guys who are totally done?"  
Would it be rude of me to add a "like" reaction to his post?  
They were playing Nirvana at my physical therapy office this morning so I guess I'll be listening to grunge all day now
I could hang out in these NormaTec sleeves all day. I live here now.
Maybe they can recycle Trump into something useful for us?  
Monica Lewinsky was 22 so, no, that is not comparable to Trump's / Milo's pedophilia  
I think this person's argument is that Trump is less anti-Semitic than actual Jews?  
IT BETTER FUCKING BE ALIENS OR I'M DONE WITH NASA  
Trump's America has turned every person in my Twitter timeline into a politics-obsessed social justice warrior. 👍
The only thing he's made "abundantly clear" is that he hates NY Times/media, muslims, and consent  
Loving Santa Clarita Diet. It's like iZombie crossed with Weeds and something else good
Breitbart should have to keep Milo on. They should burn in the dumpster fire they started.  
This is one week's worth of vacuuming. Don't get cats.  
Took a minute to organize my race medals while putting up a new hanger. #medalmonday #bibchat…  
I've been to Sweden. Nothing bad happened. In fact, it was fantastic! 🇸🇪  
Crap, I forgot about the Not My President Day rally today
What's the point of an adviser if they get fired for disagreeing? That's not an adviser, that's a yes man.  
Airplane! is on TV!
A friend of a friend is having top surgery this week and is looking for another trans man to talk to about it. DM if you can help. Please RT
I’m a feminazi because I’d like to see people like me in a comic about my profession  
A5: I honestly think beaches are kind of boring, but mountains and forests are cool. I do love city races though. #runchat  
A3: The last three #WDWMarathon-s. They all, somehow, went amazingly! #runchat  
A1: I *really* love the Rutgers Unite Half Marathon in April. And if you want $7 off registration use code AMELIAUNITE 😉 #runchat  
Or I could just run two marathons.

Or I could not give a fuck because cheese is amazing.  
I'll have an entire pie, please  
How'd you guys know that's my birthday?!  
Me: *is nearly 34*
Me: *walks into Forever 21*
Me: OMG why is the music so loud?!
Me: *lets down 17 year old me*
I know it's warm out, but in my head I keep thinking that it's actual winter outside and it's messing me up
It's almost like who you voted for is a clear indication of how much you value the lives and humanity of other people and it turns women off  
It's 10:30am and I've already had chest cat time with all three cats today. #blessed
The problem is his supporters love him because of this  
So much amazing stuff happened on Tumblr over the last ten years! Check out a small sampling of it all!   🎂🎊🌈🎈
Reminder that Bill Maher is a dildo
When you put on your   Yeti onesie and find your Garmin in the pocket
This was basically my dream growing up  
It's too hot out to run.

That's my excuse for today's garbage run.
Who would have thought it'd be the jocks coming to the defense of transgender people    
I love this  
Okay  
This is not a thing legitimate, honest, trustworthy, and democratic leaders who care about the people of their country say  
I've deployed multiple commits with this message today. If Tumblr breaks in the next few minutes, it's probably my fault.  
If you're running PHP, you gotta get on the PHP7 train! It makes PHP almost good!  
This is exciting, but will be very expensive for me. Only thing stopping me from buying more shirts on CB are their terrible women's shirts  
It's interesting to me that #DopeyChallenge sells out before #WDWMarathon, #WDWHalf, and #GoofyChallenge. #runDisney #bibchat #hashtag
This kind of legislation, which we'll be seeing more of, takes a very big step in the direction of legislating LGBT people out of existence  
We cannot allow Trump + Republicans to do this. #resist allowing this any way you can  
jesus fucking christ.  
I use them for pill containers when I travel  
Neil's gone soft  
Like, dude, what did you think was going to happen? You actively voted for someone you were hoping was lying about what'd he'd do in office?  
Please no. Living through it was bad enough.  
Please no. Living through it was bad enough.  
And automation is only going to continue to take jobs. Eventually, 99% of us will be automated out. Need to think how that affects society  
I got my beatsX earbuds today and they're super nice, but this case is complete garbage
These cookies are disgustingly delicious  
Tumblr is 10!!! 😍🙌🌈🎂🍰🎉🎁🎊🎈😻   Tumblr HQ  
Why spend so much time being so concerned with a newspaper that's "failing?"  
Why is WWDC in San Jose this year?
Saw someone saying Roseanne's twitter was extra awful recently, but I can't see it 🤷‍♀️  
I've gotten really bad at waking up to run in the morning 😕
Oh wow, Tilda Swinton as the next Doctor? Hooooo boy I hope this is true.  
I literally thought that was a picture of ramen before I read the tweet  
This sounds so wild to me, but it seems like it'd be super cool  
tfw you go deep into an argument in your work's politics Slack channel and then realize all you did was summarize Karl Marx
It's almost   hates America and loves Russia  
Say what you will about him, but he sure did predict the future!  
Look at these two with their matching hair! cc:    
This is a mess of inaccurate info,false equivalencies,misogyny,&amp; straight-up bigotry.

I'll be happy when 2nd-wave feminism is dead for good  
This tweet doesn't refute the information as being true, only attacks it's dissemination  
A cross between that and President Baltar  
And you're GIVING them the USA!  
If you're innocent, then I'm sure you'll release your taxes to prove it and you won't obstruct any investigation into this  
Laverne has reached pure perfection in everything she does  
Uh oh,  's bot alter-ego is getting a little too real  
Why is this dude clipping his nails on the  ?! What the hell, man?
While Pence is less likely to start wars and launch nukes, he'd be much more focused on destroying the lives of women, POC, LGBT people.
A6: Before every race. #bibchat  
👏can 👏 we 👏 please 👏 fucking 👏 do 👏 something 👏 about 👏this 👏 already  
The boxing hour is upon us  
Trump must have been promised a high position in the Russian government after we get annexed  
Given how complicit the GOP has been with everything the Trump admin has done, we need to be tying them to him for everything. GOP = Trump
Even if you're an anti-choice woman, how can you be okay with being reduced to being just a "host?"  
Exactly this  
That was one hell of a run  
Can I get a pet fox? Is that a thing I can do? I'd really like a pet fox.
Remember ska?!?  
Breaking news: Happy Valentine's Day!  
Who is Joe Trudeau?

Can Spicy get through just *one* press conference without fucking up?  
This thread puts some important perspective on current nazism  
This is the 2nd yr in a row I swore up and down I wasn't going to do #DopeyChallenge again,yet here we are 😫🙃 #runchat #bibchat #WDWMarathon  
On this day of love, here's a post I wrote 3yrs ago about my love for the marathon. Still 100%true   #runchat #bibchat  
A lot of love for   this morning  
A goodbye to my favorite running shoe 😢 #runchat    
Today was the kind of morning where the alarm goes off, I *get out of bed to run*, and then decide to get back into bed instead.
Thanks for being my valentine,  !!  
I can't take this headline seriously  
I went to bed before the Flynn news broke. I woke up and was just like "damn, that was quick"
What the hell, white people?! Seriously, we gotta be better than this.  
Sooo our  ? You're going to take measures against  , right? RIGHT?!  
My blog post tomorrow is a lengthy goodbye to my fav running shoe model that Im not allowed to wear anymore.Y'all gonna think I lost my mind
This is when I walk out of the store without what I went for  
Geez,   is everywhere these days
Why? Why would you do this? This is absurd. I take this as a personal attack.  
Anyone keeping running tally of countries that will be banding together against us in WWIII?  
I will never stop missing the days when fewer than half of my tweets needed to be about politics/activism/apocalypse/inequality
Conservatives intro legislation to limit my access to bathrooms, deny recognition of my marriage, and make it easier to fire me. That hurts.  
I think we should hear these people out and engage their death wishes with dialogue. I'm sure they'll change their minds.  
Like, what the hell is it going to take to get this guy impeached?

He's probably the biggest threat to our nation we've ever seen.  
This breaks my heart into a thousand pieces. I will never in million years understand how people can be so cruel.  
This language is so utterly disgusting I don't even know how to properly describe it. This is extreme patriarchy.  
It cannot be overstated how extremely not okay this is  
But, Phil, why would I want to stay on Earth? All the bad things in the world are here on Earth.  
This. Is. Very. Not. Okay.  
- taking their guns
- welcoming muslims
- pulling a 180 and talking up equality  
- taking their guns
- welcoming muslims
- pulling a 180 and talking up equality  
This is a really good read about the negative long-term effects of internet markets.  
Every year, this guy gets on the stage and I’m like “man, what a doofus.” #grammys
bingo  
Why was that Beyonce performance in the middle of the show and not the end? #grammys
A6: Running constantly and not feeling like I'm on the verge of injury all the time. Need to be better at mobility/strength work #runcat  
This is fascism. Government should ALWAYS be open to questioning and criticism.  
A3: Some anti-Trump ones. Give me a socks that say feminist, pro-LGBT, black lives matter, pro-immigrant, resist, etc. #runchat  
A2: The laundry and race fees and how much work injury prevention is #runchat  
A1: The solitude also, the 65789065 calories I tell myself it's okay to consume after. #runchat  
Hey #runchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City. Weird place I've ever run is the time I did laps back and forth in my living room for a mile  
Oh wow, looks like weird Lady Gaga is back! I missed weird Lady Gaga! #grammys  
Sure, ppl need to listen to each other more, absolutely. Unless they're nazis, in which case nobody should be listening to them for anything
WTF is Katy Perry wearing? #grammys #ERedCarpet
Looks like mylar space blankets are the in look this year on the #ERedCarpet at the #Grammys
Massive numbers of protestors lining the road that FAKE PRESIDENT refuses to mention. Very dishonest!  
How long until Republicans outlaw this? It directly goes against their party platform of lives only mattering prior to birth.  
Cauliflower yum yums  
Does my protesting paycheck count as regular or bonus earnings? I need to know how it's taxed.
Danielle is threatening to use her bonus on Normatec leg sleeves and I'm tempted to encourage this
This woman is going around saying she's the first transgender woman to qualify for Boston. She's not.  
Trying my first treadmill class today. I'm pretty sure there's zero chance of me enjoying this, but we'll see! #runchat
I what?  
If you read some of the language, this is also some patriarchical bullshit  
Extremely pro-life. Imagine hating children this much.  
Danielle conned me into trying a Mile High Run Club class with her tomorrow. Blarg.
This cat  
No.   is a lost cause who is actively harming trans people. She needs to be stopped.  
Nice second place finish for   in the Wanamaker Mile! #NYRRMillroseGames
Definitely odd seeing   not in Oiselle #NYRRMillroseGames
Excited to watch   in the #NYRRMillroseGames  500m!
Why is NBC promoting the 2018 Winter Olympics so hard already? Chill your fucking jets, NBC.
Always love the #NYRRMillroseGames!

And I love Desiree Bryant's "be the change" tattoo
Thank you so much for that hat,  !!!!  
Good reason to run on a slushy West Side Highway   City Bakery  
How did this country get to the point where children are treated like the enemy?  
Oh jfc. Enough.  
Nazis are weird.  
Stop deporting people, you ass. I don't care what the legality is of them being here is.  
This is so beyond fucked up.  
Now is a good time to repeat that I firmly believe we should abolish all borders and immigration should be totally open.  
I would love a marathon medal rack with this on it  
That's one hell of a sentence  
I'm sure it's fine. He has the best temperament!  
Really great interview with   on The Daily Show last night!  
That's a very serious procedure and one shouldn't rush into it  
Remember the band Shelter? Not as good as I remember :(
Of course they are  
It's almost as if he had no idea what the job was or how our government works
   
You're inspired by a child picking through trash to get an education?

This is sad, not inspiring. Education shouldn't require this.  
Hell no.  
A lot of doubts about the authenticity of this account,BUT it's hard to believe the people he surrounds himself not wanting revenge if fired  
At least it wasn't I choo-choo-choose you. amirite?!    
A3: Wearing shorts and sports bras 3-4 times between washes. #imgross #nuunchat  
Looks like   also took his caps lock key to Instagram as well  
Say what you want about Hillary Clinton, but she wouldn't be yelling at judges on Twitter
You'd think for someone who spends more time in court than most lawyers, Trump would know when he just lost there
I love the random people who come out of nowhere to tweet an insult at you and then immediately block you. Like, what's the point?
Uh, you just were in court. You lost.  
Take a moment and think about this. This happened because we fought for it. We took to the streets and stood up.  
Waiting for the   twitter meltdown over the #MuslimBan
Our country's   is his own parody.  
👏 stop 👏 yapping 👏 and 👏 start 👏 taking 👏 action  
Supporting a person/company that, in turn, supports Trump is supporting a dangerous administration with zero regard for marginalized people  
Exceptions find a way  
Exceptions find a way  
This isn't a good long term strategy and will absolutely backfire on them, but I'm sure Twitter knows what they're doing  
Some   vitamins to hydrate my snow day. #nuunlove  
Like, the mission failed in pretty much every possible way.

  /  , y'all are cowardly liars.  
Sean, that's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.  
Current status: Just asked   to get me a liter of coffee
I know DeVos is going to have all the history books burned, but if we survive this admin, they will not be kind to GOP/Trump when rewritten
This is incredibly pro-family  
How do people focus on or think about anything besides the destruction President Shitshow is unleashing on this country? I don't know how.
Guys, I'm starting to get a bad feeling about Donald Trump being President
I feel like my coworkers judge me for how much food I eat
Ugh. I said the same thing to multiple people this morning.  
I'm trying to come up w/something to say about Sessions&amp; I've got nothing. It's just another angle of attack against the ppl of this country
Actually, yeah, everyone should have the right to a meal, housing, and the ability to have an income. These shouldn't be privileges.  
I've sunk down into one of those phases where I lose all motivation to run and spend all day feeling guilty about it 😕
A lot of people seem to have missed the part where she campaigned for her father and is deeply involved in what he does.  
tfw "deplorable cunt" with username "huuugedick" says you have issues ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
You know, you can oppose someone without threatening sexual assault  
You're right Mr Egg, I don't respect   and I absolutely never will. He isn't worthy of respect.  
Called me "Tranny" (capitalized) and "it" in the same tweet. Nice double-down!

But why the quotes around it?  
If "security" requires restricting the rights of some people and access to our country to entire groups, we don't deserve that security  
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D
EASY D  
No YOU just ate your body weight in sushi
Important thread  
Republicans have made it extremely clear their platform strictly prioritizes hate &amp; bigotry above ALL else. Even $. How fiscally responsible  
You wouldn't know the right thing if you fell into an ocean of it  
Using Slack threads to troll the hell out of   this morning
Merge conflicts like whoa this morning
I think this is a legitimate question  
Y'all sell Star Wars themed stuff, but you're praising Darth Vader.  
I'm glad   let   have his safe space last night. Important to protect senators from dissenting arguments.
There is no way he is *this* oblivious. He's a liar.  
I was having a fantastic hair day today until my physical therapist made me sweat 😕
This is their plan. Drive Muslim hate to fuel terrorism and then use it to take full control.  
An upbeat, positive, and inclusive environment that has *occasional* distractions, but has long periods of quiet #DevDiscuss  
There you have it folks! Google suggest doesn't lie. Sad!  
while (potus == trump) {
    resist();
}  
😢  
I can honestly say I've never put a doughnut in my pocket before today
While you're lifting weights, we'll be over here actually getting shit done, bro.  
Why do Republicans hate women?  
You are a terrible person.

Why do Republicans hate children?  
What is wrong with you? Democrats voted against her. All of them.

You're seriously the worst, Jill.  
Another party in my mentions today.

God forbid you make a typo in a tweet. Sheesh.
GOP = anti-America
aksfh aklsdfhaljsdfhylasjhbdf jahsdg faksudhfaklsdghausyfgaduibfhvaduy gftvaysdfgisuodlfat89 ehrfgbnjksdfhalsdkfhaksdj fhasieruyaklsh #DeVos
If you're a parent in America and you're not angry as fuck right now, then you hate your own kids #DeVos
RIP American education
My legs are sore from snowboarding on Saturday. What the hell, legs? You're not new to this. Get it together.
Love when an amber alert sets off every phone in the office in unison
This is fantastic, conservatives actually think it's the left being mocked in Idiocacry. Like, have you actually seen the movie? LOLOLOLOLOL  
This guy thinks he's witty by quote RTing me with an Idiocracy reference  
Eric doesn't seem to grasp that language evolves over time to fit needs.

Also, singular they isn't even new. Shakespeare used it.  
Just had a guy freak in me because I bumped into his fully opened newspaper in an extremely crowded PATH car. Oh, my bad!
If NYT is failing so badly, why is he still so obsessed with trying to take them down? It's almost as if he's actually threatened by them.  
WhaaaaaaatTF?

  I'd like a full refund of the purchase price of my TV.  
These people on House Hunters are making house-buying decisions based on their cats' needs and, like, yeah I get it. Same.
This is not good  
Trump is good on terrorism  
Boy, it sure is going to be great when we go to war against Germany again and this time we're the bad guys  
Just think how many more Bowling Greens there may have been that we'll never know about because of the liberal Jew media covering them up
Just think how many more Bowling Greens there may have been that we'll never know about because of the liberal Jew media covering them up
Talking to my mom about punching nazis and she goes "sometimes you have to out bully bullies."
Turns out that not being okay with white supremacy makes you a sore loser  
Have you considered maybe just not welcoming him instead?  
Or Apple could just use USB-C on iPhones/iPads and we could all just have one connector for everything. But that'd be silly  
Whoever wrote this code I'm trying to fix is a jerk and I don't like them and they took a lazy way out instead of writing better code
Trump is such a fucking dickhole. He's not even the whole dick, just the hole.
As POTUS, this would be really easy for   to prove. If it were true. Which it's not.  
So how's your afternoon going?  
Oh, come on, Apple. Knock it off with this shit.  
I hate computers.
I can't overstate how amazing these sleeves are. If I could, I'd buy my own pair.  
I wonder what it's like being the kind of person who thinks "I can't believe &lt;company&gt; showed black/brown ppl in their commercial! BOYCOTT!"
Serious discussion going on over here over which animals are allowed to be discussed in the frogs and fish channels in Tumblr Slack
You could easily prove this by firing Bannon and releasing your tax returns. Think about it, man.  
Imagine being President and tweeting this  
👌  
Trying to get away from Trump?  
Imagine being Piers Morgan  
I wonder what it must be like to be a black player on the Official Football Team of White Supremacy™ #SuperBowl #sb51  
A4: Why choose living OR dead when you can choose Frederick Douglass? #runchat  
The Patriots won the #SuperBowl, but we still have Lady Gaga and the commercials
Trump's tweets are going to be so annoying
Well, that happened.
A3: I prefer Saturdays. If things aren't feeling right, I can abort and try again Sunday instead of forcing it. #runchat  
At least this time it's just a football game and not the apocalypse
A2: The part where I get to run #runchat  
nate  
Well, he lasted longer than he did with America  
Hey, Verizon, I don't think BDSM means what you think it does  
Incredible sideline catches by Atlanta tonight. #SuperBowl
JONES! #SuperBowl
Punch nazis, sack Bradys. 🇺🇸
I *really* enjoy watching Brady get sacked.   keeps yelling at me for cheering too loudly every time. #SuperBowl
This year's #SuperBowl feels like a celebration of all that is good in America and all that we fight for. #sb51
You're both a sore loser and a sore winner.  
Someone punch this guy again  
All Hair Matters? #SuperBowl
EAT THAT BRADY! #SuperBowl
WTF is going on with this Mr Clean commercial? #SuperBowl
You must have missed all the gay then  
That was fantastic,  ! #SuperBowI #PepsiHalftime
Look, Gaga is putting on a great performance, but this is no Three Doors Down #PepsiHalftime #SuperBowI
also me  
That's a lotta drones #SuperBowI #HalftimeShow
Neil, you tweet this every fucking year.  
I really like the score of this game right now. #SuperBowl
Oh great, so you mean they'll have the most points, but still lose somehow  
America is getting *real* wonky, y'all  
If you're wearing a suit to a Super Bowl party, I don't even know what to tell you  
Say what you will about us, but no couple cracks each other up the way   and I do
#BaiBaiBai made me laugh more than it should have
Anyone start collecting screenshots of racists melting down over #SuperBowl commercials yet? #weaccept
What really bothered me about that oil commercial was the implication that rockets are powered by oil #superbowl
Rickrolled by a commercial in 2017
Which of the companies w/commercials embracing diversity will be the one whose stock Trump tries to tank w/a tweet tomorrow? #superbowl
Oh, FYI, fuck the Patriots. Fuck Tom Brady. Fuck Belichick. #SuperBowl
Damn, this egg sure loves to yell. Their tweets are like that all the way down. Don't see any tweets that aren't replies yelling at people  
oooooh people gonna be mad about this Coke commercial #SuperBowl
Can't wait for our so-called "President" to live "tweet" the "Super" Bowl
Wait. This says Super *Bowel*. I bet it'll be quite a movement! 🙃  
Oh god, I hope so! 

Can I be one of those sacrificed?  
If something happens, I'm probably going to be blaming white dudes with guns and the GOP caving to the NRA since that's who it usually is.  
Capitalism is stupid  
It me and Fry  
I will never chill regarding Trump. Not one day until he is out of office.  
Care to elaborate whose lives you're referring to? And please be sure to show your work.  
And people didn't do that to Obama? He didn't whine about it.

Quit being crybabies, snowflakes.  
Beautiful day for 🏂!   Killington Mountain Resort &amp; Ski Area  
This guy talks and tweets like a 3rd grader  
Who do you think is going to end up paying these taxes?  
This isn't the snowboarding helmet I just bought  
Really is a sorry state of affairs for trans health  
Literally me and everyone I know  
I just bought a snowboarding helmet after 8 years of having never worn one. Not sure my head is really worth $160, tbh.
I just bought a snowboarding helmet after 8 years of having never worn one. Not sure my head is really worth $160, tbh.
I'm making the rest of my day a Minor Threat kind of day
ANYWAY, you know what's not awful? Me being on I'll Have Another Podcast today!  
This shit-nacho's previous tweet was a GG Allin quote. The irony here is fantastic.  
Real upset about what "botched lobotomy" has to say here.  
This one who, I'm sure, thinks immigrants don't work their asses off more than most people here just to survive  
This one with 109 followers basing an argument against me based on Twitter follower counts  
There's this guy who thinks the people speaking out against white supremacy and genocide are the nazis  
This tweet is doing wonders for dropping a ton of shitbags who don't know what punk is into my mentions.  
Tumblr employees donated $80k to  ! There are fewer than 400 of us. I'm so proud of my coworkers!  
This really scares me right now. This is such an important case.  
I'm not being sarcastic at all when I say that this is still too subtle.  
No, it's not. And it never will be.  
Yeah, it's an inconvenience to the people who have to fill out paperwork for 100k visa revocations. Think of the hand cramps they must have  
I'm pretty sure this year has been the least Super Bowl talk I've ever seen. It's nearly non-existent. You know things are bad.
What could be better than two former Women's Running cover runners chatting?  
This always bothers me. Be careful who else is being taken down by your words. Don't take down all ppl w/mental illness. Same for fat ppl.  
I guess I can quit my day job now if I'm going to be getting paychecks for all these protests 💵💸💰😜  
I'm on the latest episode of the I'll Have Another podcast! Give it a listen!  
Gee, I wonder why  
This essentially puts into law a man's complete ownership over a woman's body and life  
Having a cat party over here  
Every day is Groundhog Day if you're Bill Murray
Maybe then the GOP would care about HIV/AIDS treatment?  
I honestly don't even know that I'd still be in one piece after the last two weeks if not for starting Lexapro in December
Truth  
Y'all think runDisney races start early? I just bought a ticket for a snowboarding day trip that starts at 3:30am
like why?  
We have a large, powerful military, but I don't know that we'd survive against China, Australia, Mexico, and most of the Middle East at once  
WTF?! How is this okay?

Is it because Trump is receiving updated orders from Putin and needs to hide being a puppet?  
Current mood.

Should probably hide in a closet for the rest of the day so Trump can't ruin it  
Damn. Rough predictions coming from the groundhog front.  
Maybe go back and revisit the Tea Party, Merrick Garland's confirmation, how Rs treated Obama, and what Rs promised if Hillary won  
Most arguments in the Tumblr "holy-war" Slack channel end in me saying "fuck javascript."  
People who think free speech means freedom from consequences or the right to a platform don't deserve free speech in the first place
He's the President, we should worry about everything he does  
Ban lightning!  
Fuck Sheryl Sandberg  
Trump really is trying to make it US against the world  
When the GOP goes unchecked they engage in cartoon levels of villainy  
I forgot this was tonight! Something good to look forward to!  
One thing I've seen happening since Trump is a lot of people I never thought would get political or protest getting involved and fighting
So how's your programming going today? I'm opening pull requests like this  
It's #BlackHistoryMonth, make sure you're spending time listening to black people.
On the plus side, my physical therapist seems nearly 100% sure I don't have a stress fracture.

Have a doc appointment for tomorrow morning🤞
So people still think Dems shouldn't be obstructionist?  
Where are all my pro-life, pro-family Republicans at?!

Huh? What's that?

Oh, right, you didn't actually mean all lives and all families  
"Holy shit, how is Donald Trump President?!" - the thing stop and scream at least once a day
A6: The correct answer is more chocolate. Other acceptable answers: ice cream, peanut butter, pretzels  
And now Fry made Leela bleed. Never a dull moment.
No, they're temporary!   said so! She wouldn't lie!  
What's that?  
Gorsuch looks Sam Eagle. Who knew   was going to nominate a Muppet to #SCOTUS. #SCOTUSnominee  
"I am a man of my word"

"Transparent"

These are both lies lies
"I am a man of my word"

"Transparent"

These are both lies lies
This isn't how TV ratings work. You are measured in stream numbers if you watch online, not included in ratings watching on TV  
This is the most I've laughed since 1/20  
NYC/Jersey City where are tonight's protests? I don't think I can go, but I want to RT for others. #MuslimBan #resist #NoBanNoWall
But I don't WANNA be on-call!! WAHHHHHHHHHH!!
Do your duty (source:    
This isn't how you behave when you think you're doing the right thing or standing up for good. You do this when you know you're the bad guys  
Ugh.  
I look at my three cats daily with envy anymore. It must be so nice to not be aware.  
Never forget.  
It's really starting to seem like I have a stress fracture in my foot and now is not the time for me to not be able to run.
Hey, uh you missed. Try again?  
More likely is he's waiting for FADA because that will be far more reaching and backlash will be spread across the whole GOP, not just him  
Thread  
Is your argument that if someone wasn't ALWAYS fighting that hey should never get started or involved?  
People like this think some of us only just got political and opening our mouths.  
Thank GOD we didn't elect Hillary Clinton! Imagine how boring of a President she'd be! She'd just have her head down getting work done!
Literally not the Attorney General.  
How many people still work in the Executive Branch at this point?  
Day 11 and Trump's presidency is already going about as well as you'd expect
Not that she betrayed the law. Or the people. Or the constitution. Because she didn't betray any of those.

That she betrayed Trump.  
The people who believe the Bible means anything to Trump are the same who believe it means nothing to Obama  
Well, that's about right.  
Seriously questioning if we'll wake up to a country that still exists tomorrow
What a disaster  
Now even NASCAR drivers are standing up against Trump.  
Did they learn this? Are   capable of learning this lesson? I'll believe when they show us.  
o shit waddup  
"New political order"

Just go ahead and call it the First Order  
Another day, another protest
I like Capaldi a lot, but I think his series have suffered from a lot of poor writing.

Hoping for a lady Doctor for 13!  
Please use two Ss when spelling "transsexual"  
First immigrants and Muslims. Next, LGBTQ people.  
We knew this was coming. Terrified of what exactly it'll be.  
How do you make a policy like this?

This "dude" has no concern for anything.  
Protesters are about as terroristic as the people who founded this country.

Protesting and standing up to fascism is patriotic.  
You're right  Ban robots and automation!!

🚫🤖🚫  
👏 this 👏 is 👏 against 👏 the 👏 fucking 👏 Constitution  
Likely the same people who also refuse to call trans people by the correct name  
Have. A. Backbone.

People are more important than your stock price!  
What a small group of people  
Tell me about it, man  
Where are all our Republican reps screaming "The Constitution!"?  
Until the world improves, the vocal resistance will continue.  
These nazis need to stop asking for it  
It's equally likely that Trump is giving the courts the finger and that he literally doesn't know how the government works  
Okay, now I'm also on the same side as the Koch Brothers on something? Good god.  
These photos sadden me. In NYC, elected officials were apart of protests and rallies. Cops in #BatteryPark supported.  
These photos sadden me. In NYC, elected officials were apart of protests and rallies. Cops in #BatteryPark supported.  
Not just welcoming, but many thousands are actively fighting for their place in our city and country  
"Trump won't actually do that"

Either you secretly hoped he would or you wanted a liar as  .
At #BatteryPark. #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #ourNY  
"Closely monitoring" isn't enough. Urging isn't enough. 

Take stronger action!  
On my way to #BatteryPark to join the protest. #resist #MuslimBan
This dildo has called me crazy multiple times. Here's his blog. 👌    
I only punch nazis.

I just don't think you're anything more than a pathetic dildo who runs their mouth on the internet.  
lol ok. come meet me in Battery Park today and tell me that to my face.  
Goodbye  . I'll be using   instead. #deleteUber  
Quit tweeting about not backing down and start actually standing the fuck up with your actions.  
Pence will come off as level-headed and centrist compared to Trump and that is terrifying beyond words  
If you want me to tweet about other stuff, you're going to have to stand with me and fix everything that's more important first.  
If   wants to protect us, it needs to remove   from this country
W was a real bad and inept President, but he wasn't mean, vindictive, or teeming with hate.  
Oh, Sean  
This is the CEO of my company. I am proud to work under him.  
It's been a really rough week. Wine is self care tonight. Back to resisting in the morning.  
Celebrating personal milestones  
If you don't want to speak responsibly, please do not accept a platform that elevates your voice as one for an entire group of people
Today is my one year vagiversary!  
Where is the resistance from these companies?  
Utterly disgusting. Each day he's been in office, I've become more and more ashamed to be American. #MuslimBan  
This guy *literally* didn't have a heart for years.  
How is any of this even comparable to any single one of Trump's horrors, let alone all of them, you shit weasel?  
So did     416 days ago  
Donald Trump is bad.
Not sure if I'm sad or jealous, to be honest  
Just catching up on the last few hours. Seems the Trump hand photoshop wasn't a real thing. Sorry for RTing it 😕
It's almost like America doesn't actually like Trump and he doesn't represent us at all. Sad!  
But it's trans people who are the weirdos obsessed with genitals. Y'all cis folk are strange.  
The garbage is coming so fast you can't even tell which horror it was that pushed people over  
I'm the weirdo who runs up all 7 flights of stairs to get out of the 5th Ave / 53rd M station
#ITakeMyCoffeeWith another pot of coffee
But her emails!  
Everyone is doing their part  
This is a good trend. Make nazis afraid again. Don't give them a chance to get a foothold.  
This is the single most pathetic thing an elected official has done that I can think of.    
So they're giving on-the-spot karyotype tests?  
I just tried vegemite for the first time. Learn from my mistake.  
 into the sun  
What will this do to the cost of guacamole at  ?  
Sounds like   is triggered. Someone get him to a safe space.  
😗  
Will be sending   a bill for all the keyboards I destroy with rage typing
How do I get to this version of Earth?  
Good work Philly! Proud of you!  
Anyone got the energy to deal with this jackass for me? I need a nap.    
That was fast! #AirbnbBKHalf  
I MISS WHEN WE COULD TWEET ABOUT SHIT THAT WASN'T THE SMOLDERING RUBBLE OF AMERICAN DEMOCRACY, FREEDOM, TRUTH, AND REALITY
I MISS WHEN WE COULD TWEET ABOUT SHIT THAT WASN'T THE SMOLDERING RUBBLE OF AMERICAN DEMOCRACY, FREEDOM, TRUTH, AND REALITY
I don't want to pay for a wall to keep immigrants out.

I don't want Mexico to pay for it.

I don't want it to exist at all. #NoBanNoWall
I have Californication stuck in my head. How did this happen to me? #PrayForAmelia
Ugh. I'm probably going to register for this.  
This entire thread is pure gold 👏  
It's almost like he wants to get punched at this point  
This but cats  
#NoBanNoWall 
#ourNY 
#resist
Paul "shit nozzle" Ryan, everyone  
*goes for run*

"Okay, lets fire up Twitter and see what fresh new horror happened in the last two hours."

This is life now
Night run views   Jersey City, New Jersey  
You only do this when you want to censor the truth and reality from the public. There is no other reason.  
Compromise with fascism and you end up in a fascist state. You fight it every day with everything you've got. Always.  
Joy  
Goddammit.  
We're going to turn into North Korea so quickly here we're going to wish it was Russia
If you update your birth cert in CA, it becomes the original &amp; the prior version is locked away so my original says I'm biologically female.  
People who actually understand biology would disagree that you can "objectively" determine sex.  
Not only am I against building walls, I am in firm support of completely open borders and immigration.
When you're right and facts and reality are on your side, you don't feel the need to lie or suppress voting or sharing of information.
Been wondering if I can explain this on my next review  
Please, go ahead and show your work here.

What was taken away from you? Seriously. Did you lose your job? Your healthcare? A single right?  
This is amazing. It also says everything you need to know about the state of the USA right now  
Wife: How does this look?
Me: It's got a great Han Solo style to it!
Wife: Is that bad?
Me: I would never use Han Solo as a bad thing!
same  
It's chili day at work today and I'm going to a fun group run tonight so at least today has these things going for it
Trumpers see it as liking/not liking a President.

To the rest of us, it's about our health care, civil rights, employment, safety,existence  
What he'll find: nothing

What he'll say he found: massive problems in our voting process

What he'll do: Push massive voter suppression  
People with this response have yet to actually explain what exactly it is that they survived during Obama.  
A6: It's literally saved me from suicide. It's the light that shines against the darkness of my depression.Would be dead without it #bibchat  
Saw a commercial w/Matt Damon about helping ppl in 3rd world countries have clean water.

Who will help Trump's America have clean water?
A4: How'd I get here? I ran.

*shows herself out* #bibchat  
So who is paying for it?

And uh I mean, really? We're actually doing this thing?  
A3: A man repelling force field #bibchat  
A2: Big fan of the dark here! I like sitting/working in dark rooms. I don't run in the dark anymore, though, because it's not safe #bibchat  
A1: I just try to do my best to be myself and an honest person. #bibchat  
I need a break from the awful. I'm jumping into #bibchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! Fav fruit is blueberry. No, apples! No, pomegranate!  
2016 except all the awful stuff is condensed down into a single day and it's every day and we call it 2017.
That's that's not how you become a girl. Trust me, I know.  
If you don't like the negative press, don't be a lying piece of shit    
You're not supposed to enjoy it. You're supposed to work in it.  
The American government is transforming into North Korea much quicker than anticipated
👏👏  
I think it's time for everyone to stop saying "Make [noun/verb] [adjective/adverb] again"
Or rolling your eyes out of your head at the inclusion of Ronda Rousey, a raging transphobic garbage person.    
Have you registered for the   Rutgers Unite Half Marathon yet? Prices increase 2/1! Save $5 with code AMELIAUNITE #runchat #bibchat  
Girl, you said it  
Current mood  
Current mood  
My experience as a trans woman at the #WomensMarch on Washington. #WomensMarchOnWashington    
If there were any particularly good posts/articles/essays/threads you read about the #WomensMarch from POC or trans ppl, pls send 'em my way
This is the best one yet. OMG. I can't even.  
I want to retweet my entire timeline right now. So much 🔥
No one cares about nazis shooting protesters, but god forbid you punch a nazi  
But Trump never criticized any previous President! 🙄  
Some trans women have vaginas.Some trans women have penises.Some trans women are intersex. Best to avoid blanket statements abt our genitals
"I'm going to murder you, but I'll be nice about it. Can I get you a cup of coffee while you wait for the oven to free up?"  
Breaking News: President Donald Trump thought the White House was a safe space
Do you have a race medal rack/hanger you really like? Share it with me! I need a new one. #runchat #bibchat
Preeeeetty sure the last time we beat up nazis has aged rather exceptionally.  
Ugh. No.  
I think someone is triggered.

Also, THIS is what attacks on freedom of speech look like. Not fists to nazi faces.  
Might I suggest a nazi?  
I am v excite  
That was one of the windiest runs of my life. 4mi feeling like a rocket was strapped to me. 4mi feeling like I was fighting a train #runchat
I'd like to RT this a thousand times  
I'm determined to get back on schedule with waking up at 5:30 to run before work which means there's an alarm set out in the living room
A6: I have so many, but I really think this year's (DIY) #runDisney Half Marathon is the best. #runchat  
A5: Have fun! You don't suck at running, you're a beast in training. #runchat  
A4: I love them all equally. Each has its own story and memory. #runchat  
A3: Really enjoy running in San Francisco! Great views, challenging hills. #runchat  
A2: There really is something about Chicago Marathon that puts it in a special place in my heart. So much support and love there. #runchat  
A1: I love running in Liberty State Park. It's a damn wind tunnel, but it's got a great view of lower Manhattan and 🗽 #runchat  
Maybe don't tell Jews how to feel about  and deal with nazis.

Maybe don't tell black ppl how to feel about  and deal with racists.
Hey #runchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! Favorite non-racing distance is 10k (I hate racing it, love running it for fun).  
Was watching a Richard Spencer mashup and looked over to see   doing this  
"We can't fight violence with violence!"

When someone's trying to kill YOU, you can fight back w/your words. I'll fight w/anything I've got
I feel like someone I know is doing   this year. Are you that person? Let me know if you'll be there! #runchat #bibchat
This is bad. You are bad.  
Look at my beautiful alt-dog  
*wipes tear of joy from eye*  
ABPN

Always Be Punching Nazis
Important thread  
This is what I've been saying all day. Ugh.  
Finally just got home from the march and I'm barely able to keep my eyes open. But this was such a great day of resistance &amp; coming together
Our resistance crew at #WomensMarchOnWashington! #nastywoman #resist #womensmarch  
Women straight up occupied the capitol today #womensmarchonwashington   Washington Monument…  
I found  's wall! #WomensMarchOnWashington  
#WomensMarchOnWashington was less of a March and more of a complete occupation. The biggest crowds!
Follow in Snapchat for updates from the #WomensMarchOnWashington! Username: entirelyamelia
My favorite part of the video of Richard Spencer getting punched in the face is the part where he gets punched in the face
I'm so mad I missed Richard Spencer getting punched while I was driving
This NJ rest stop on the way to D.C. is FULL of pussy hats! Like it's wild how many there are! #WomensMarchOnWashington
Oh good god

Donald fucking Trump is President of the United States now, isn't he?
At least someone was having fun  
Trump claims power is being transferred back to the people. Also, says his will be a "law and order administration."

🤔
Current mood: Can I chocolate myself to death? 

Please bring chocolate.
You're a racist! So is he!  
Hey, remember freedom?
Welp.
Welp.
On this day, I couldn't be happier and more thankful to have a pussy. This pussy will stand tall and fight back every day for the next 4yrs.
Spent 3hrs trying to figure out why my code doesn't work.

Turns out that it works. It was just user error by me for the thing I built.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO   who is pretty much like the best person ever!  
A terrible human being in a terrible outfit  
But he'll tweet that it was the biggest inauguration with the biggest crowds ever  
I'd venture to say that it actually means *he's* not welcome since, you know, it's the symbol of a failed revolt  
The tweets aren't threaded so you gotta go right to his timeline, but well, it's basically what you'd expect  
I didn't think I could hate using paper money any more than I already do  
Every day, New York. EVERY DAY.  
Bahahahahahahahahh  
This is utterly disgusting and terrifying  
Hey Quinn, can I borrow that timer and slide into the dimension where Hillary Clinton is sworn in as POTUS tomorrow?  
Wondering if I can join   on Mars
I loved   until they rolled out threads. There's too much going on here. Too many conversations at once.
Gulf War. 1992 election. Exxon Valdez.  
I made a pun at work using Rocket From The Crypt and now I'm remembering how good this band was in my teen years
But seriously can he do us this last solid?  
Don't worry, Toll House, I've got enough cookie love to go around. I'll eat all the cookies!  
Hey  , is that an iPhone 7 Plus pictured going into the pocket of the new Pocket Joggers?!  
Uh oh.   and I didn't coordinate our Girl Scout cookie orders and now we have double coming.  
This is 100% un-American and would be unconstitutional at the Federal level  
Big loss for Oiselle. Kate Grace is one of the best runners in America right now  
Turns out, trans people have been doing it wrong. We just need to put our genders on hats and everything will be good  
Product managers, product designers, &amp; devs, please think REALLY hard about it before you build a UI with content that scrolls horizontally
RT if you don't think my gender is confusing at all  
Slack threads are bad. This is so hard to read. Too much going on.
Only ice on the ground will keep me from running outside. Temperature isn't a factor. #afternuundelight  
oh heck yes  
Transphobes love to say trans ppl are confused, but these two in my mentions last night can't even agree with each other on what gender I am
Please don't. We're better off without your help, Caitlyn.  
same  
Slack is rolling out threaded messaging. I'm both happy/excited and horrified by this  
Donald Trump makes me pray our universe is really just a simulation so that none of this actually real
I'm just picturing someone taking a dress for a doll and putting it on their penis  
Type in "davros" instead of "devos" and Google shows you results for Betsy without even displaying a "did you mean" #BetsyDeVos  
👇👇👇  
You can't even try to reason with this kind of ridiculousness  
A6: That I'm a runner at all. Would've never believed marathons are my fave thing now. I used to hate running like it was my job. #bibchat  
A4: This is a completely serious answer the running part. #bibchat  
A1: #chimarathon in October. I didn’t think I had that much fitness to stay strong late in the race &amp; negative split a PR marathon #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! Amelia from Jersey City feeling pretty upbeat! And here’s a great race finish photo of me    
Trump is going to dismantle our country piece by piece.  
I can now use the bathroom in North Carolina  
I can now use the bathroom in North Carolina  
These dildos are always thinking people are annoyed or outraged or triggered.

Doesn’t even realize I’ve been trolling him for sport.  
You weren’t, but 👌

And if you were, your sentence does t even make sense. Come back to me when you’ve learned basic writing skills.  
Haven’t been called “it” in a while!  
"trans-privilege"

yup, that's a thing. totally. mmhmm!  
So about that extradition   
I'm really, really happy to hear about Chelsea Manning. Like really happy. This is a very good thing.
This will basically save her life  
YESSSS!!! THANK YOU OBAMA!!!  
My blog's search referrals today really are something else  
Okay, I guess I'd look good as a anime character  
Let me make sure I apply for this so that I can yet again not get in  
At this point, I'm pretty sure Trump is just trying to win a bet over whether or not he can completely destroy America in his first 100 days  
This meeting has   doughnuts in it and it's the best thing
Huh! I was a boy before that thing got fired up. You may be in to something here…  
I don’t know the source of this or if it’s true, but her being 22 and having had sex with Trump 6yrs ago *adds* credibility to it  
Really excited to join #teamnuun as an ambassador for 2017! #nuunlife  
Dopey Challenge expo, 5k, and 10k recap! #runDisney #runchat #bibchat    
Initial draft of my #DopeyChallenge recap is 4,600 words. I think I’ll have to break this into multiple posts! #runDisney
I don’t understand people who don’t like pets. I can’t imagine how empty and wrong this place would feel without these cats running around.
Good news, everyone! Nibbler went to his new forever home yesterday and is settling right in!  
If MLK were alive, would you instead be calling him “all talk” and insulting him?  
Friends, who is going to the Women’s March on DC?
I got through all of 2016 and Disney without getting sick so I can’t even be mad that I have a cold now
❤❤❤  
We ordered Thai food and it showed up 14 minutes later. I’m not complaining, but how did they deliver it that quick?
More purr computing today  
I’d like to order all the fuck you have, please  
Fry is helping me on the computer  
BWAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  
You know you’re doing good with whom you’re following when a SpaceX launch (or any rocket, really) blows up your timeline
I’m a random person who was on the cover of a magazine last year. All my copies are in an envelope in my desk drawer.  
I can say with 100% certainty that trans people are not trying to convince anyone who isn’t trans to be trans  
Oh my god  
Remember the last time   tried to do a thing about trans people? That didn't exactly go very well.  
Current status 👇  
Anyone I know doing the NYCRUNS Spring Fling or Ladies First Half Marathon? #runchat #bibchat
If Tumblr breaks, it's this guy's fault  
A lot of my weekend is going to be planning out my race and training schedule for the next 18 months. Exciting!
Woman: *says something*
Random man: Actually, you're wrong
Me: ACTUALLY, YOU are wrong
Man: *blocks me*
Everyone listen to what Russia has to say about the thing involving Russia that we're not happy with!  
Lifehack: line your coat with sandwiches
 
When I realized being trans wasn't going to go away and went all in on embracing it and transitioning, happiness went 📈  
Even with ACA, this was already how many people, especial trans folks, had to pay for care  
So much horrible stuff happening in this country all at once. It's too much to even process. Ugh.
The GOP treated getting rid of health care for 30 million people like a child's birthday party or how we do hack day at work.  
You can't vote IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT to take health care from 30 million people and children and not be a complete piece of human trash
What would y'all like me to tweet more/less about:
- running
- trans stuff
- politics/activism
- code/tech
- Disney
- cats
- something else
If your method is 1400+ lines, it's absurdly too long. Break it up!
The Haunted Mansion has 999 happy haunts and there is room for 1,000. I'm going back to Disney World to make final arrangements.
The Haunted Mansion has 999 happy haunts and there is room for 1,000. I'm going back to Disney World to make final arrangements.
Can Trump go a day without the word "deal?"
I care about your tax returns   and I am not a reporter.

I also care about your constant lying.
sdkfhjaskdfuhjdfkbasjdyfgadjkfh b dmhfbgasdhfja dskfhj asdkjf hakesufhkdjhfaeiryhaeirpguh aiesfhvakhvagekuhr vaerufgh aloihrdvkjadhriv7aerdh
what. is. this. press. conference.

ak;dfha dskfuhasldkfuh asdlfkua sdhf lkajhdflakludsfhaduygh
I was wondering the same thing. Is he going to just like try to disband our entire intelligence operation?  
The following people should be tried for treason:

-  
- everyone involved in his administration
- his supporters
Thank you, Obama, for including trans people! #ObamaFarewell
How are we going from this man to Trump? #ObamaFarewell
I thought the same thing!  
Watching #ObamaFarewell on the plane home
Based on  ’s reports, it appears the Trio of Terror have destroyed our apartment while we were away. What are we coming home to?
Have fun, it doesn’t matter if you’re fast or slow. Just enjoy it!  
I don’t keep a case on my phone &amp; ran 48.6mi this wknd w/it in my hand. No prob.

2hrs later, I dropped it w/a case on &amp; the screen cracks.
This might be the best Boomerang I've ever taken   Disney's Magic Kingdom  
Hoooooly crap  
We just saw Space Mountainith the lights on!  
Had to do Hall of Presidents one last time before it’s gets ruined by Trump
This is a long thread, but grab some ☕️ and take a couple minutes to read it 👏  
Every time I see Betsy DeVos’s name, I think people are talking about Davros. About the same I guess.  
Also, so much respect for the 1500 runners who came here for #WDWHalf and ran #WDWMarathon instead after it was canceled. Y’all are badass!
I love that   is using Disney’s photographers now. The photos seem a little better than MarathonFoto &amp; are free for APs! #runDisney
I can't believe there was no line for Joy and Sadness yesterday. #WDWMarathon  
Can I just live in Disney World for the next four years and continue pretending the real world doesn’t exist?
Just called   out for responding to text messages while in the shower
That's a lot of steps  
About to PR in milkshakes
Good!!  
How much more disgusting can a human being be?  
Marathon #10 in the books!! #WDWMarathon #DopeyChallenge #runDisney  
#WDWMarathon Flat Amy for the last day of #DopeyChallenge! Not 100% on this outfit though.…  
 
I'm Snapchatting and no fun   is back  
Quality quality clam shelfie  
How does this work? The original is locked away after being amended in California. No way for someone to be able to verify  
Post DIY #WDWhalf with  ! Finished in a nice downpour. #runDisney #DopeyChallenge  
DIY #WDWHalf done!! #runDisney #DopeyChallenge (Strava rounded weird for the pic 😕)    
I certainly had fun running this morning at the #WDWMarathon 10k! #runDisney #DopeyChallenge  
I took a nap  
We’re still getting up early tomorrow &amp; running laps around Crescent Lake if no ⚡️. Maybe 13.1mi worth #WDWHalf #runDisney #DopeyChallenge
Laying in the bed in our room watching/listening to the Star Wars fireworks show at Hollywood Studios
Wow. I can’t believe   already canceled tomorrow’s #WDWHalf. 😢😟😿😩 #runDisney #DopeyChallenge #WDWMarathon  
The most Carrie Fisher thing ever  
You know it’s a #runDisney race day when you hit your Apple Watch stand goal before 3pm. #DopeyChallenge
Since this is a verified account, we can assume you’d be including yourselves?  
Go fuck yourselves, you utter pieces of garbage. Seriously, fuck yourselves back to the fucking Stone Age  
Cat #5?  
No fun    
My Snapchat game has been strong today. Username: entirelyamelia
My fav part of the 10k this a.m. was watching a guy say to a volunteer “I know you want a hi-5!” and her completely denying him #WDWMarathon
I’m confused. Are you for leaking or against leaking?

Or are you just always taking a leak on us?  
Jesus 4̷G̷I̷V̷E̷S̷ is fleeting  
We've got an excited   on our hands here   Disney's Animal Kingdom  
The GOP continues to impress with its ability to find new ways to be evil  
Watched Christmas decorations come down in the Yacht Club this morning as we headed off to the race 😢
#WDWMarathon 10k done! #DopeyChallenge  
Flat Amy for tomorrow's #runDisney #WDWMarathon 10k! #DopeyChallenge  
This is the best thing I've ever seen  
This is the best thing I've ever seen  
A right wing anarchist  
We couldn’t even make it a week  
March.  
Loved the entire bit of Preparation-H puns in the People of Hollywood routine we just watched
Major yikes!!!  
🤢🤢🤢   Rock 'n' Roller Coaster Starring Aerosmith  
"I've never seen Star Wars"

"That's a problem"

"No, it's really not."

"Yes, it really is."
Uh, guys?  
Medals made of metal for the #WDWMarathon 5k this year! #rundisney #dopeychallenge  
Flat Amy for #runDisney 5k! #dopeychallenge  
We don’t deserve animals this good  
Even if they do, the GOP’s whole thing is screwing over the kind of people who most need Obamacare so you know it’ll be garbage  
Damn.  
The   #WDWMarathon expo and packet pickup is a complete disaster. Wayyyy too crowded and not being managed well at all.
I can’t believe it’s another #runDisney #WDWMarathon weekend again already. Feels like last year’s was just a few weeks ago!
At least when we all die of cancer, our phones will be charged  
It’s fantastic when your dilators raise attention going through TSA. 🙃😖😳😱😧
I hate everything about tech anymore.  
A2: Not getting ahead of myself after one good race and thinking I’m invincible #bibchat  
I wrote some code a few months ago, but never finished it and haven't looked since. I commented nothing and can't figure how this works now
We all hate the term "transition," right? It's not just me?
New year, same nonsense on Slack  
I really into the logo design of this year  
Even better, don't open your email at all.

Or Slack.

Or your eyes.  
But it's both my Monday and my Friday  
Great thread about how bad this is  
Why am I awake? I haven’t been up this early in weeks. Wahhh
Leela refuses to get off my pillow tonight so I’ll be sleeping with a cat on my head  
Surprise, Atom is slow as fuck :(  
I didn't used to care much about chocolate, but in the last year I've become obsessed
Taking some time at the beginning of this year to unsubscribe from many of the dozens of daily promo emails I get
Packing for a vacation that includes four races and Disney World in January is always stressful
I love the Twilight Zone marathons that start each and every year
2017 CJRRC Hangover 5k - 21:44    
That chicken vindaloo hit me right in the sweats
practice sobbing loudly at rodeos  
blaze it  
Starting 2017 off with a brand new 5k PR! Stupid   bumped me out of an age-group…  
First race of 2017 and first of five races in eight days #runchat #bibchat   Tamaques Park  
2016, no one will miss you  
 
2016 is over. 

Eat every fucking dick, 2016
Well, it's 2017 so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I saw this and the first thing I thought was "what year is it in Istanbul?"

Fuck you, 2017.  
 
The blows are really going to continue right up to the last minute, aren’t they?  
One last look back at my 2016  
Of 👏 all 👏 the 👏 things 👏 from 👏 2016 👏 to 👏 care 👏 about 👏 why 👏 this? 👏  
It's currently 2017 in about a third of the world so at least 2017 is one thing 2016 didn't kill  
My 2017 will be so much fun with my friends but it’s hard for them all to do that much more about it than just trying  
This will come in handy over the next four years  
Everything should be a bagel
A windy af ten-mile run to finish 2016
Does anyone else have cats that add sound effects when they run or jump? Fry and Nibbler both do this. Is it a male tuxedo cat thing?
The bros downstairs are having a party and I’m pretty sure Ric Flair is a guest  
If you’re going to call me a disappointment, you’re gonna need to show your work on that  
I didn’t know Makeoutclub was still around. Wow.  
Disney friends, what are your thoughts on Coronado Springs? I've never stayed and Danielle remembers not liking it as a child.
Hattie swatted Fry which caused him to run into Leela which caused a huge commotion which scared Hattie into running off right into Nibbler
The tech industry is so completely boring right now  
You don’t need a PR firm for this. You just need to stop being racist.  
We bought new pillows today and it was a big deal picking them out.   couldn’t be bothered to feel them all in the store.
2016 was certainly a year, that’s for sure!    
This surprises exactly zero trans women  
Takes a real classy publication to attack a child    
I’d be a bad Chopped judge because my only criteria for advancing a chef to the next round would be whether their dish melted my face off
Everyone hates on NJ, but Jersey City is in the finals for best neighborhood in NYC b/c JC is the best. Just saying!    
Did not see this coming  
Maybe that’s how you know it’s a bad idea and you shouldn’t do it?  
Maybe that’s how you know it’s a bad idea and you shouldn’t do it?  
The case of 2016! It was certainly a year, that's for sure!    
I haven't read Twitter in a couple hours. Did anything awful happen today or am I safe to throw up a blog post?
Finally writing my 2016 reflection blog post and it's giving me some conflicting major feels. What a weird year.
Well, Nibbler is in the kitchen sink cleaning dishes just like another black and white boy in this house does
We're all in agreement that 2017's motto will be "the lucky ones died in 2016," right?
At the rate I drink Nuun, this would be like a month’s supply  
This is a bad take     
Evolution of the names I’ve called Hattie: 

Hattie &gt; Hattie Bean &gt; Bean &gt; Bleen &gt; Baleen &gt; Bellini  &gt; Bologna

This is just one of many.
Literally same  
My second #DopeyChallenge which will include my fifth #GoofyChallenge and #WDWMarathon!  
Worst part about winter running is trying to stabilize your body temperature afterwards
I’ve given into maximum laziness in the last two months
If you wanted to hang out with someone, you called their *house* and asked their parents if they were home  
Having to get offline so someone could use the phone  
When I was a little girl, I needed someone to show me you could be strong, confident, badass, *and* a girl. #CarrieFisher showed me that.
The OA was very good, but also kinda weird, but also has a trans character that felt real
Exactly this  
Can’t blink for a second in 2016 without something terrible happening
Motherfucking fuck everything. Fuck. FUCK.  
Except that science disagrees with that. Science isn’t what you say it is. It’s what evidence backs up.  
Look who's back with us for the next week! It's Nibbler!!  
Remember, even NYC isn’t safe  
This was one of the better Christmas specials in recent years  
Snagging that BQ! 🦄 #runchat  
Come on, 2016, it’s fucking Christmas. Have some damn chill.  
Really hoping season 10 is better than 8 and 9 were  
These damn ASPCA commercials wreck me every time
Christmas 13-miler done!
Merry Santa day for those who celebrate! 🎅🎄🎁
Pretty sure everyone I know in NYC is currently sick with the plague 🤒🤕😷🤧
Who let me eat that much monkey bread?
Happy Hanukkah to my Jewish friends and family!
Smells like a damn churro stand in this house.

This isn’t a complaint.
Running gifts from emgruns  
That last episode of Man in the High Castle season two was too real
I thank Siri and I’m from New Jersey  
Don’t read the replies to that Deadspin tweet  
Says “I’m am not stupid” and then goes on to explain why, in fact, he is stupid  
It’s raining and cold out which probably means my Christmas Eve long run will be a Christmas long run instead
I can’t see Michael Hogan in anything without thinking “frakking toaster”
Fuck you, 2016! We get to keep her!  
.   has been so distraught that I haven’t wrapped her gifts yet that she keeps trying to do it herself
I swear if 2016 takes Princess Leia too
It takes a special level of assholery to roll up this many forms of bigotry in so few words  
Doughnuts!! So much yum here!   Doughnut Plant Chelsea  
We are so incredibly ducked  
Brutal wind for those 8 miles
Does anyone have a pair of wireless earbuds that don't have connection issues they'd really recommend? Ugh.
At least nukes aren't emails amirite??????  
wat?  
Slack is currently broken in a way that basically makes all the distracting parts of it not work. No one here knows how to use it like this
My self-evaluation is due today and there aren't enough drugs in the world to prevent the dozens of panic attacks this will cause me
Good!  
“It’s time to sit down with your cats and give them feedback on how they’ve been performing” —    
If you're an iOS user and you're reading this on anything that isn't Tweetbot, you should snatch this up immediately and improve your life  
Republicans are vile, piece of shit humans. Across the board. This is how the party operates.  
The Expanse is super good. You should watch it!  
From last night's holiday party  
Tumblr, a place for feelings  
I get you gotta pay the bills and all, but that doesn't wash the blood from your hands  
This is a flyer for a service that hangs your flyers for you  
If you work on a product that allows users to interact with each other, you have a lot of responsibility to SPEAK UP AND PROTECT THEM!
I can't imagine feeling that way towards any human, but the person I'm married to? WTF, man.  
I love running and run because of that love. It's not punishment for eating cookies, but it does make me feel empowered to eat more cookies  
I caved &amp; bought a pair of Lululemon No Shivers Mittens. My hands were so hot&amp;sweaty by the end of my run,my fingers were pruned. It was 19º
Running in 19º this morning wasn't really so bad. It's amazing how different it is when there's no wind!
Name one thing better than ice cream. 

Anyone who replies to this tweet is outing themselves as a liar.
how?  
how?  
We've officially handed the country over to Russia  
#berlin, #turkey, #electoralcollege 

What a terrible day.
Whenever I see someone say "it's a boy!" or "it's a girl!" regarding their newborn/unborn child, I just think to myself "maybe!"
First time using   and they decided to not ship my dress for the Tumblr holiday party tomorrow. Can't wait never use them again
Really not looking forward to seeing what a world war looks like in the 21st century given how much has changed w/military tech since WWII
If you're cutting a race course on purpose, you should probably re-examine your reason for running a marathon  
One of my favorite things on SNL ever  
I'm impressed by how Fry uses all four paws when he kneads
Why not both?  
Fuck 2016  
Too many parades on this damn street
This is gonna be a gross run  
ROGUE ONE TIME!
WHAT
THE
FUCK  
This is next level scary behavior for one party to engage in  
Sweater weather? Google, sweater weather is like 50s. It's fucking thermals, winter coat, hat, gloves, scarf, and never go outside weather  
Why is it that *every* single macOS update breaks something small but annoying? Every. Damn. Time.
Curious how   feels about this  
Leela slept on my head the entire night while growling at Fry who was sleeping next to me. #catlady
This is the guy who asked Russia to hack his opponent and loves Putin.

Also, many of his biggest supporters fly Confederate flags.  
QueerKiller666 seems like a nice person  
Jersey City dominating this list! And this doesn't even include half of my faves  
Look at the women they’ve had on their covers for the last year and then buy a subscription  
damn.    
Did I put on deodorant today?
I’m impressed with myself for getting my layering right for the first real cold run of the season. My body temp was just right.
Do I know any engineering managers who are looking for a job? Get at me!
Damn, now I wish I was running Boston in 2017 instead of 2018  
This would instantly get rid of half the garbage I get  
25º + 16mph wind tomorrow morning. What are the odds I actually pull myself out of bed to run? Should I just book a spin class now instead?
"to be human is to be broken"
I'd mostly agree with this, but with the exception that Westworld (so far) and BSG each tell two different parts of the same story.  
My run this morning was 6.29mi instead of even 6.2 which is really driving me wild.
Remember when iTunes wasn't garbage?

Yeah, me either.
Got my Rogue One tickets for Friday. All is good.
*spend all day trying to make code work and can’t figure it out*

Next day…

*figures it out in 3 minutes*  
2016 is gonna 2016 right up to the end  
I had a really weird Black Mirror / Inception dream last night and it's still messing me up
Good luck to everyone waiting on good news from the #ChicagoMarathon lottery! Best race!!
According to Back to the Future II, 2015 was supposed to be a big year for fax machines
All those times I said I wished I could visit Russia, I didn’t know it’s be a four year trip and I wouldn’t even have to leave my couch
Back to the Future II is on TV and I’m afraid the alternate 1985 part is going to be a little too real
It happened to me: I left my iPhone 7 headphone dongle on my desk at work
A blue checkmark makes a person appear to be a knowledgable source of information with an elevated voice  
When given the choice, always make the correct route the easier one
Everyone update your iPhones so I can send you new emoji
Given how the election went down, I think she might need an eye exam.  
That's it, folks. Today's all downhill from here!  
"hackers"  
A6: Take extra time to warm up and don’t fuck with ice! You’ll lose every time. #runchat  
A4: Early in winter, I’ll start with crops at around 32°, full tights under 28°ish. By middle of winter I’m in shorts down to 28°. #runchat  
A3: Long sleeves start at 37-41°, depending on wind. Second layer once it’s under 30°. #runchat  
A2: Psyching myself up to get out of bed and run in the morning when is freezing out. #runchat  
A1: Most pleasant is 50s-60s, but most effective (i.e. I get the best results) is 80s-90s. #runchat  
Hey #runchat! Amelia from Jersey City here! Best race moment this year was my 16-minute PR and BQ at #ChicagoMarathon!  🦄  
Which one of these companies will build the Muslim registration software?  
I go 12 hours without reading Twitter and come back to find Joe Walsh saying things that make sense? Weird times, man. Weird times.
Would love to go back in time and tell Cold War era America that in 2016 one party willingly let Russia take control of our country
Percocet and a pot of coffee. Breakfast of champions?
It me!!!

20 Of The Most Inspirational Trans Moments Of 2016  
Wouldn't you want to be named the most notable out of 100% of the population, rather than 50%?Oh right, that'd mean you think women are ppl  
"Hi! I'm Amelia. I'm obnoxious on Slack." - how I introduce myself to new people at work
"Hi! I'm Amelia. I'm obnoxious on Slack." - how I introduce myself to new people at work
Oh wow, this is super cool! The street art is one of the best things in Jersey City!  
Gloves for everyday. Mittens for snowboarding. Cut-off glove/mitten hybrid for running! #FastFriday  
Raise your hand if the EPA isn't an intrusion into your life. ✋  
Nothing like sleeping on your neck wrong to remind you how much you constantly move your neck throughout the day
Which beverage company will introduce Brawndo in 2017 and will it have what plants crave?  
How the hell do you boo John Glenn?  
I opened the official Twitter app for the first time in a while to see what this no   reply thing is about.

This whole thing is unusable.
Goddammit, 2016. 😢  
If you don't buy me this Taco Bell onesie for Christmas, we're not friends anymore  
Whoever keeps writing stuff like this all over Jersey City, please keep it up!  
.  When you say "guaranteed delivery date," what exactly is your guarantee? Seems like nothing happens if it's late
Nothing says they care like a short 2hr window during rush hour located at the end of the line!  
Then NYC should only do one-fifth of the security  
I'm just a woman who is filled to the brim with chili right now
I agree 100% with this. The exact wording I was going to use.  
If you read that detransition story on  , please read this thread  
This is not a good answer. Have a spine    
I find this actually helps  
Truth! #bibchat  
At my last job, full-stack meant web client, middleware, backend application, database. 

These days, I stick with backend only #DevDiscuss  
🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅  
Who did this? I love you  
Thanks, Neil  
I ran to try to catch the light to cross 6th Ave:
- I didn’t make it
- My phone bounced out of my pocket, now the screen is broken

Balls.
I think I'd prefer a Star Wars movie that wasn't Lucas-approved, tbh  
Is this a euphemism for that irresponsible detransition article y'all launched with?  
Genitals are like totally the worst!  
For the record, I'm a faster runner after surgery than I was before. So maybe genitals are a bad indicator of, I don't know, anything?  
literally same  
Maybe we could just abolish the death penalty altogether instead?  
How many calories should a soul consume daily for proper nutrition and health?  
Thanks to my stupid posterior tibial tendon, it looks like my last month of training for #DopeyChallenge will involve basically no running 😒
.  has an interesting design, but not one I'd want to experience daily. Seems much better for a site you don't visit often.
"I highly recommend murder." -  
Just seeing the #StandingRock news now. Fantastic! Protests are important!
Help.  
This wedding has too much talking and not enough drinking. Especially since the first speech included a transphobic joke. 

Give me a drink.
Lifehack: wear flats to a wedding
Looks like someone doesn’t understand Supergirl at all  
Remember Hooch? The 90s were weird!  
Huge congrats to   for snagging her BQ today!!!! 🏃‍♀️💪👏
This is a late contender for the worst thing to happen in 2016  
.   from  /  is at   HQ today!  
This is getting out of control  
Awww PHP is growing up!  
Deep dish pizza or a burger or the entire right side of the menu at whatever restaurant I'm at. #FastFriday  
We're out of spoons in the office so I'm eating my cereal with a fork
The biggest thing you can do to disrespect me is waste my time
I wonder what it's like to not be constantly ravenously hungry. I bet it's amazing!
Disagree w/a lot of this. I think Westworld was created knowing how people would watch/discuss it via Twitter/podcasts. They played to that.  
This article has led to some interesting morning conversation in our work slack    
"I should follow this person"

*opens their Twitter profile*

"Oh, I already am."
Me: *makes extremely obvious joke*

Like five people: *answer with a detailed as if I was serious and am a complete moron*
Boy did November really fucking suck. I'm so glad there's only one month of 2016 left. Too bad 2017 is looking like it'll be worse.
I would probably do this for Hattie  
You can turn the alerts off on an iPhone, but it’s wholesale    
Was this planned?  ?  ?  
Anyone’s iPhone start acting real weird recently? Apps all logging out and going through onboarding steps. Some system-level settings reset.
It's almost as if putting all your faith into a man with a lifelong history of lying, scamming, and corruption will always backfire
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL

You gonna threaten your buddy Donald with that musket too?  
Can you imagine being the kind of person who gets worked up about people sending holiday cards to others?
Used   to price out how much it would cost to get 135lbs (me) off this planet forever. GoFundMe coming soon!  
If you're looking for a great spring half marathon, I've got a $5-off code for the   #RutgersUnite half! ~AMELIAUNITE~ #bibchat
If you're looking for a great spring half marathon, I've got a $5-off code for the   #RutgersUnite half! ~AMELIAUNITE~ #bibchat
Whyyyyyyyy??

If something isn’t working, you don’t keep doing it.  
Such great animal photos!  
Lunch and meme with  !  
This is wrecking me  
No #BerlinMarathon for me. I suck at race lotteries (1 for 5).Glad I decided to take advantage of my guaranteed #ChiMarathon entry! #bibchat
Thread. #standwithgavin  
A3: BodyGlide everything! #bibchat  
A2: I have too many jokes for this one #bibchat  
 
Flags: MAY NEVER BE BURNED!

Fetuses: MUST ALWAYS BE BURNED! (or buried)  
You can say you care about someone, but if you're refusing to listen to them, you're proving that you don't actually care about them.
 
You know you're a runner when the pink tape around your foot/ankle/calf can be seen through your black tights. Maybe a skirt was a bad idea.
"His tweets are a distraction, we must ignore them."

No, y'all need to learn to walk and chew gum at the same time.
As someone who isn’t into the idea of being electrocuted, I would not settle for Pence  
You can’t ignore the President-elect out of existence. He’s still going to be doing things that affect our lives.
This goes for every day, not just Cyber Monday  
I feel like I could have done more. I didn't know I was going to be graded!  
Honestly, I agree with pretty much this whole thing.  
Fuuuuuuck  
You may have noticed I've backed off politics a lot in the last week. Mentally/emotionally, I need a bit of a break or *I'm* going to break
Really wish I didn't have to decide about 2017   by tomorrow and could wait until after the Berlin lottery :/
Transgender woman followed leaving bar, shot  
Black Friday
Small Business Saturday 
Cyber Monday
Giving Tuesday
Eternal Debt Wednesday
Oh shit. #westworld
I’m foam rolling*

*laying on the floor next to the foam roller praying for a swift death
Sitting on the couch and   comes over and says she has a surprise for me. Then she drops a handful of stuffing into my hand.
Already planting seeds for his re-election in 2020  
That kind of depression where just trying to stand up from the couch feels like moving mountains.
Anyone have any good tips for how to keep cats out of xmas trees? Legit afraid we’re going to come home and find Hattie hanged
About to walk into what will be a very awkward family party. I haven’t seen or spoken to my dad in 2 years.
Prediction: 2016 will outdo itself on Dec 31 by hurling a giant asteroid at Earth
This is bad. Extremely bad.

We who build the internet are to blame.  
Huh?  
Watching someone who was super abusive to you be successful is one of the worst things
I think I’d prefer 6 one-hour episodes over 4 90-minute ones #GilmoreGirls
Yesterday was so good  I want to do it over again! Great food, great people, two workouts, and no Twitter
After 45 minutes of spin, a 4-mile run, and preparing to host 14 people today, I can't wait for that 🦃🦃🦃
Taking my first spin class in nearly a year today. Should be interesting
Can’t wait to go home and watch ThanksKilling  
Things may not be working out for Nibbler at his new home. :( 

There's a chance he's coming back to us.

Poor guy.
Friendsgiving gonna be lit tomorrow  
The World as 100 People   via   #Visually #infographic
Your name just makes me think about Davros    
Whaaaaaat?! Jill “I’m Going To Make It Easier For Trunp To Win” Stein?  
Not thrilled to be at an emergency dentist appointment for a filling that decided it was going to fall out for no reason
Yeah, no. He blew any "benefit of the doubt" within the first like 8 seconds.  
A6: Always  ! She’s the one who always keeps me in track. #bibchat  
A4: Mostly business. If I see the photog,sometimes I’ll smile or try to look like I’m running strong. But I don’t race for the pics #bibchat  
A1: I do my best to stay calm, but I’m usually just a big ball of nerves #bibchat  
It’s going to be the best!  
Yup. This has been the struggle for the last two weeks.  
For fucks sake  
He doesn't feel strongly? He screamed that he was going to during a debate.  
He doesn't feel strongly? He screamed that he was going to during a debate.  
Just found out Nibbler's new mom had to take him to the vet this morning because he wasn't eating and his urine was red. I'm so upset
It wrecked me. I cried a good five or six times.  
This is fantastic!  
My job is nothing if not weird
In a meeting with   and   delivers me mac and cheese 👏😀😍👍👌
Sounds kind of like you were looking for a safe space  
Seems like you're the one who's really offended here, man  
This entire thread. Take a moment and read it.  
Star Wars was always political. Sorry some of y'all are on the side of the IRL Empire.  
One weekend, two DNSes  
Also fascists: Theater kids were mean to us!  
Well, a little late for that now, huh?  
Can we please stop giving Trump a chance now?  
I wonder what it's like to be a fan of a good football team ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
On Trans Day of Remembrance We Look Back on the Worst Year Yet and Prepare for a Terrifying Future   via  
I know all of 2016 has been shit, but can we at least just get a do-over for November?
Yes, Hamilton is a distraction from his fraud, but it was also a clear and terrifying attack on free speech and foreshadowing
That’s not…no…just no.  
He’s still going on about Hamilton, but we’re supposed to “get over it” in regards to the election.  
The result of this will be smaller burritos for the same price. Ruining it for everyone.  
Hey   and   this is weird  
I just watched this 50 times straight and I can’t stop laughing  
Ready to get to work? Why are you not already hard at work?  
I DNSed the Philly half marathon today. Still undecided about the marathon tomorrow :/
Maybe, I don’t know, vaccinate your fucking kids, you jackasses  
Maybe it’s time for people to realize that Trump is not dumb and is, in fact, a master at manipulation and distraction.
So many people are trying to make plans with us today that I’m thinking we should just go to a coffee shop and hold open office hours
You’re so edgy Ms Tequila  
I challenge the entire Trump administration to a duel. Bring your own deli meat. BYODM.  
I would agree with this statement  
Hear me out on this, but maybe we could take sexual assault seriously instead?  
Packing for a weekend in Philly that may involve a half marathon and/or marathon (or neither) with drastically different weather is tough!
👏 anti 👏 white 👏 discrimination 👏 isn't 👏 a 👏 thing 👏
I'm supposed to be running a half marathon tomorrow and a marathon on Sunday and I still don't know if my ankle is going to let me. Grrr
"It'll be okay" 🙄  
Do we, though?  
Not looking good for running either race in Philly this weekend :(
This is why you keep fighting!  
Gonna miss the bud :(  
"like u can lay upside down on your bed being pissed off at the patriarchy and just floss" -  
help  
It begins  
“It feels empty in this house without Nibbler” she says to her wife and three cats in their one bedroom apartment
Blimpie? Really!? Fricking Blimpie?!  
Thanks, Gmail. We know.  
Nothing like a nice unexpected proverbial punch in the gut to pile on top of a shit 8 days!

Ugh.

(no replies needed, everything is fine)
Wish I had seen this before I called his office a little while ago. Woulda saved me a call!  
Fucking hell  
After talking to my PT about my foot/ankle pain this week, it seems fairly likely the major cause was stress from the election :/
After talking to my PT about my foot/ankle pain this week, it seems fairly likely the major cause was stress from the election :/
Good thing the Presidency is a game show!  
Major personal realizations tonight that I have no idea what to do with ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Got my copy of  's Tranny!  
When a server in production fails during your deploy and it looks like you broke everything ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Good job  !  
You should go to this!  
Not tolerating bigotry isn't accomplished with a corporate statement. It's accomplished by actively fighting bigotry &amp; not supporting bigots  
While y'all are waiting around giving Trump a chance, this is happening and he will never do anything about this kind of violence  
So much this  
People who take antidepressants and/or ADD meds, were you able to get them from your PCP or did you have to go to a psychiatrist?
I’ve witnessed exactly this. I’m doing this mysel.  
Congratulations, everyone, we lived long enough to see Glenn Beck become a voice of reason! #whataworld #blessed
That's not how this works  #thisisnotnormal  
The difference between my current depression bout and other ones is I'm not convinced this one will end. At least not for four years
EMAILS!  
Taking three cats to the vet in one shot is a major undertaking. Two are almost impossible to get into carriers and one needs to be sedated
Created this daily reminder. You should too.  
This is Trump’s chief strategist, but you think we should give him a chance?  
Just got this text from Fry, Leela, Hattie, and Nibbler's vet  
Jersey City folks, please come to this  
👏🏻 this 👏🏼 is 👏🏽 not 👏🏾 democracy 👏🏿  
I guess the silver lining is that after January 20, we're just one tweet away from this whole nightmare being over
I woke up this morning and my left ankle/arch hurt like hell. Really regretting having a half marathon and marathon to run next weekend.
Not looking good for the whole “he didn’t mean that stuff he said” argument  
Looking for a good show to binge today
A lot of people have reached out to me and asked what they can do. This thread right here is a great start 👇  
Wine and cheese party at  's is bringing some needed healing  
When did we decide to threads of tweets were going to replace blogging? Twitter clients need to make these easier to read.
Parks and Rec is on at this party. My coworker comes over, looks at it,and says "April reminds me of Amelia." This is the highest compliment
The truthiness of anything Trump says or promises is somewhere between alsdkfhjaksduyfh and weiouryqiweuryq  
Uh, why is everyone dead on Facebook?  
I was so excited for Man In the High Castle season 2, but now it feels like we won't need a TV show for that story anymore
I want to start tweeting about non-Trump/election stuff again, but it just doesn’t feel appropriate
When you're about to tweet praise for someone that just did something awesome and then they blow it right before you can send the tweet
I'm with Breanna. I'm still processing, but I'll find a way to stand back up.  
The first victim (that we know of) of a president that hasn't even taken office yet. He encouraged this hate and fed it.  
Bratwurst lunch at work is my first source of happiness in days. I'm taking what I can get right now.
Our veterans did not fight for fascism to take over in this country. They deserve better. We all deserve better. #VeteransDay
Trump's transition team, potential cabinet choices, and what he's already done/said is proof he's going to do all the awful things he said
Please, there are plenty of white tech bros who give zero shits.  
Looked around my train car this AM,every person on it is at risk under Trump. Except the guy taking up all the space&amp;scarfing a cheeseburger
This thread. These were the same thoughts I had this morning.  
I ran to the Statue of Liberty this morning and wept in front of her. She stood tall with her arm in the air like she does every day.
More people voted for your opponent than they did for you. Very unfair!  
👏👏👏👏👏  
Eat a billion dicks, Zuck. Just like every fucking dick. Eat them all.

Take some damn accountability.  
The saddest part of this is what he saw in his last few days on Earth. :(  
Okay. Tomorrow I *will* pull myself out of bed and I will go for a run and I will run right by the Statue of Liberty and I will soak her in
Most of Trump's supporters will find out quickly that he lied to them, but they're not the ones who will pay the price for their votes
I thought I was done crying. I don’t think I am. 

I’ve been thinking about detransition a lot today.

I want to hide forever.
Nibbler has a home!!! He’ll still be living with us for a week, but then he’ll be moving out
Nibbler has a home!!! He’ll still be living with us for a week, but then he’ll be moving out
Remember that those standing against Trump are concerned for actual real human lives that are at risk. This isn't "complaining about losing"
I was scrolling through Twitter and thought that was a picture of a dildo at first  
Lives could be saved by this.  
.  's support of Trump is disgusting and beyond disappointing. I run in New Balance. Well, did. #runchat  
Trump presidency will set a new precedent for lack of transparency and closed door conversations. We will be completely in the dark.  
I used to be proud of the Google results for my name. Now they're a terrifying liability that may get me killed.
Straight cis white folks,you need to be elevating these conversations outside your echo chamber. You have to do this. Our lives are at stake
So if Trump supporters aren’t all racist, we can expect them fighting Trump’s racism then? 

I didn’t think so.
Yesterday, I woke up scared and emotional.

Today, I woke up rational and absolutely terrified for my life.
I can't wait until white ppl are the minority in America. We've fucked this place up for too long. Take control away from us any way you can
Dammit. Tweeted a link before noticing the date on it. Deleted now.
I was too tired and depressed to wake and run this morning. My mental health was counting on that run and I can’t run tonight. Fuck.
Here’s Nibbler meeting Fry and Leela in our currently very messy bedroom. Only Hattie is missing.  
I will absolutely respect Trump as President, just the same as the GOP respected Obama.
Take the time you need to mourn and then let's figure out how we fix this.  
I haven't been able to focus on any work today,but I'm so glad I came into the office to be with my Tumblr family. They've gotten me through
The election of a new president shouldn't result in my timeline being flooded with tweet after tweet for suicide hotlines.
And what's worse is the people responsible for this would call this a win.  
Great advice for those with the privilege to do so, but not everyone can put their lives on the line like that.  
What to Do If You're Trans and Live in America Now   via  
Okay, so how long do we have to stay in this hell world until we can slide to the next dimension?  
Try to get marriage license reissued w/proper name/gender or leave w/birth info on so it can't be voided if marriage equality is overturned?
Lots and lots of people giving each other hugs at work today. It's needed.
Yeah, couldn't agree more, actually.  
White people, you voted *for* this.  
Tumblr staff is already working on how we're going to move forward and help those who are marginalized and need help
Things are going to get bad real quick.  
We woke up to a very scary America this morning, but here is what I am doing 1/5
You need to fix this.  
“Bernie polled better against Trump”

Yeah? Wanna double check how the polls worked out?
Those saying we have checks and balances, do you not realize they were voted out the window yesterday? There will be none for at least 2yrs
Not wearing eye makeup today because I can’t stop crying.

Every woman I passed on my commute just looked so utterly defeated and broken.
Please.  
I couldn’t sleep and now I’m just laying in bed crying and fearing for what’s to come
WE WEREN’T SUPPOSED TO BE THE ONES HAVING THE MELTDOWN!
Not when their views lead them to vote for people who actively work to make my life harder. That’s no friend.  
A few things that will end in 2017:
- abortions
- being a woman
- being gay
- being trans
- being an immigrant
- being a POC
- health care
This piece of shit on MSNBC just said “it’s a policy election.” DONALD TRUMP DOESN’T HAVE ANY POLICIES OR PLANS! 

kaljhsdfjojkahvsgdfuiop’a
Help. #Election2016 #ElectionDay  
Help. #Election2016 #ElectionDay  
Or how about just inappropriately grabs *any* woman regardless of her relation to you (a man)?  
I’m waiting in line to vote while driving sweat from my run. I’m going to freeze to death here. #ImWithHer
Let's do this! #ImWithHer  
It’s #ElectionDay! Join millions of Americans to vote for Hillary. Find out where you’ll vote:   #ImWithHer  
Why limit yourself to 63 genders? Why not try a new gender every day of the year?  
Remember to vote for the party that literally thinks people shouldn’t be able to vote!  
With your lady brain!  
I think I've hit a point where, even though it's cumbersome at times, I *prefer* the Plus-sized iPhone to now
If you think there's someone doing really great work specifically regarding body positivity for trans ppl, hmu! I'm helping with a thing!
America, do you really want a man who eats pizza with a fork and knife to be President of this country? #Election2016  
I’m sure these hashtags won’t immediately turn into raging dumpster fires  
RT this as a pledge that you will vote on Tuesday
Oh, hey, I broke 1000 miles for the year on my run yesterday. Hoping for another 250, but that may be a stretch. #runchat
GOP judges are allowing voter intimidation which is, you know, completely illegal. But it’s a rigged election against Trump.  
God, the Eagles are the worst.
❤️❤️❤️  
Called   b/c they STILL haven’t sorted out my name changed from 3yrs ago. “Avg wait time is less than 10min.” That was 29min ago
Nice negative split,  ! Get them free shoes! #StravaBackHalf #TCSNYCMarathon
Yay  !
There’s currently a fourth cat in our apartment. Help.
About to try my first new running shoe model in 4.5 years  
Tonight we turn the clock back an hour. On Tuesday, lets make sure that’s all we’re setting it back. #ImWithHer
Good luck tomorrow   runners! #NYCMarathon
I’m excited and happy to vote for   on Tuesday. There’s nothing begrudging about it.

Don’t   me.
Tumblr LAN party is lit
BUT HILLARY CLINTON IS UNTRUSTWORTHY 🙄  
Today's lesson: No matter what someone's going to hate whatever you do so just do whatever helps ppl the most &amp; fuck the ppl who get pissed
We're having another LAN party at Tumblr HQ tonight so basically I'm just going to be doing a whole lot of dying this evening #bulletbagamy
Hey Nate, we gotta talk about this.    
Ran 8.26 miles in 1 hour and 5 mins and 13 secs and felt great. Planned a moderate effort 10k, crushed an 8-miler   
This election isn't just about the next four years—it's about the next 40, too.  
Okay, 2016, one racist down, one to go.
Yo, hold up a sec… The CUBS just won the World Series!
I don’t want to take credit, but I’m going to say my fantastic Chicago Marathon was a good omen :) #FlyTheW
It’s already destroyed  
Cubs fans, you’ve waited long enough. Enjoy! #FlyTheW
Guys, we made it. We survived that game. #FlyTheW
#FlyTheW!!!
Cubs!!!!!!
Yay Cubs!!!!! Congrats!!!!!! Fly that fucking W!! #FlyTheW
This game is the worst. Also the best. But mainly the worst.
Oh fucking christ
One!!!!
Two outs. Please. #FlyTheW
Okay, Cubs, wrap this up quick. I’m tired. #FlyTheW
Holy fuck!!!
!!!!!!!!
This game is so 2016
I don’t even care who wins anymore, I just want to go to bed
Chapman is going to singlehandedly lose the World Series because he’s that kind of person
JFC
I guess I won’t be getting up to run in the morning
Fuck.
2016!  
This game is stressful even for this Phillies fan
Joe Buck explaining to us how numbers work
I wonder what it was like growing up with the name Coco Crisp
I wonder what it was like growing up with the name Coco Crisp
Nice way to start the game, Cubbies!! #FlyTheW
Okay, just one more night of Joe “Literally the Worst” Buck. I can do this.
Let’s go Cubs!!! #FlyTheW
If you live in NJ, please vote NO on Question 1 on Tuesday!! We do not need more casinos in this state!  
This will be great for your skin! 🙄  
Well, Tumblr HQ is about to tear itself apart over whether condiments are sauces and if ketchup counts as a sauce.
A3: Eat out? Maybe once, usually? And we order once a week too, usually. #bibchat  
I know there’s a lot I could learn from pair programming, but just the idea makes me feel like I’m having a panic attack #DevDiscuss  
A2: Food is for enjoying. I care about nutrition, but that’s a distant second to taste. #bibchat  
I’m filling out the survey for   participants and it’s just reminding me how much I love that race. #bibchat  
A1: Burgers, burritos, chips + guac #bibchat  
CUBS!!!!!!!!
It’s November 1st and I’m already burned out on Christmas ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This is great! "If Congress was your co-worker"  
Literally never been called ugly or a tranny before! Bravo, young trendsetter!!  
Jersey City friends, please note this for next Tuesday!  
Hi Scott, I just wanted to check in on you after a few hours and see how this tweet is working out for you. Good?  
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
I plan to, Scott!  
"To be completely candid, I was becoming a better runner and a worse person." Some important perspective.  
Benedict Cumberbatch was just 10 feet from me. I wonder if he wants to be my friend.
Oh god, what have I done. I just registered for the   half and full in three weeks. #imdumb  
I’d rather not  
This couple on House Hunters has “can’t be haunted” on their must have list
And we’re getting a cucumber emoji! Another dick option!  
Go Jersey City!!  
"Why the f is this request taking so long?!?!?"

*five minutes later*

"Oh, breakpoint"
Just listened to a podcast for the first time and they read one of my tweets on it. Random.
You know you're an engineer at Tumblr when   
 
Man arguing the election is rigged is telling his supporters to commit voter fraud, a felony.  
Trump supporters are now *literally* throwing shit  
Eagles, Cubs, Westworld, and Walking Dead on at the same time tonight. WTF.

At least I’m just about done with TWD anyway after last week.
SOMEONE FUCKING ADOPT THIS CAT! NOW!  
I have to stop for a second and think about IED and IUD every time  
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 51 mins and felt alright. Felt more like 20 miles than 13.1. Oof. Super warm    
So women are less likely to care about transgender women in the women’s room than men are. Not surprising.  
It’s October 30th and I just ran in a sports bra. That’s fucked up.
Not liking how this is looking for the Cubs
On the prowl for a decent pair of black or dark red faux leather pants
Had a great run w/ ,  , &amp;   this morning, have spent the rest of the day on the couch. It’s been great
I look super cute in this gif from yesterday. Look how cute I am!  
I really enjoyed this ad. I know this exact feeling all too well.  
 
If I ever fucking hear or read the word email again I’m quitting this stupid planet
It’s funny how some people only start to fuck up your gender after finding out you’re trans  
The blur on this iPhone 7+ portrait mode photo is great, but it's oversharpened and noise-reduced to garbage  
TweetBot has had this for ages, but this is something all Twitter users should have. 👍  
.   and I were Mabel and Dipper Pines tonight  
Tumblr Halloween party is taking a turn  
Obviously. #StandwithGavin  
Really wish we had nine justices!

Supreme Court takes up school bathroom rules for transgender students  
*finds remote corner, hides in it for all of eternity*
Completely nails it  
5am! Days are so much better when they start with a run!  
I straightened my hair for the first time in ages today and holy shit how did I used to do this every day
Hey, uh, Jersey City, why are there fireworks in the pouring rain right now?
Selling all my AAPL stock. This is a few events in a row now where they have shown they’re no longer the Apple they used to be #AppleEvent
That’s what dongles are for! #AppleEvent  
LG displays, the ultimate dongle #AppleEvent
Phil Schiller, you suck. #AppleEvent
Tim, if you’re not going to give me a 4K AppleTV, move on to Macs, please! #AppleEvent
Tim, we don’t care about iPhones right now #AppleEvent
So bummed I’m home sick and missing femgineer lunch today
So bummed I’m home sick and missing femgineer lunch today
I was up all night puking and unable to sleep for more than 5 minutes at a time and now everything hurts and I want to die
Slackbot u ok?  
Isn’t voting for someone a kind of endorsement?  
Maybe instead of highlighting those who’ve run 15x,do something about those who never have b/c they do the lottery yr after yr &amp;don’t get in  
I'm on my way to a frog dinner because my job is weird af
Have you registered for the Rutgers Unite Half Marathon yet? Get on it before the price increase on 11/1!  
I mean, that tweet is literally a declaration of intention to commit treason  
anxiety over unproductiveness + allergies making it hard to breathe -&gt; less productivity -&gt; more anxiety -&gt; depression -&gt; zero productivity
Hey, remember when that thing was a thing and it was a really good thing, but then it stopped being a thing and that sucks? #vagueaf
Should be a retroactive lifetime suspension, but I'm glad to see she isn't getting any of her prize money  
Someone come kick my brain in the face and make it start working properly
New MacBook Pros will sell absurdly well b/c Apple hasn't updated them in years, but they'll take that as validation of their removal of esc
OMG multiple coworkers have delivered chocolate to my desk today and wow today is awesome
Happy birthday to   and  !!! 🎂🎉🍰🎁❤️👏
This is so good. This is going to be on repeat all morning for me.  
Leggings as pantssssssss. Fight me!*

*Dont actually fight me
Getting myself out the door to run this morning was a minor miracle. I kept trying to get back in bed. I deserve a medal.
Wasn’t there a way to reset autocorrect on iOS? Mine’s such a mess. I constantly watch my finger hit one key while iOS registers another
A2: Mostly just plain ice water. And a   after every run. #bibchat  
Have I tweeted once today without a typo? Sheesh, this is worse than normal
A1: Most days it’s a lot. Over 128oz normally. More if I have a particularly sweaty run. 

I pee a lot. #bibchat  
How can name a product MacBook *Pro* and remove the physical esc key? This directly interferes with many of the “pro” uses of it
Hey,  , we don’t want this in Jersey City and your waste-of-paper junk mail isn’t going to win me over. Scram!  
This is an excellent read! It didn't take me nearly as long to figure it out, but it was quite a process.  
Go fuck yourselves, you piece of shit sellouts. 🖕🖕🖕

And people wonder why I don’t trust cisgender gay men and lesbians.  
The lighting in the office is nice and cozy today. I'm loving it.  
Your dream of the internet when you were 12 was for the purpose of spreading misogyny and racism? Cool dream, bro.  
Coworker who sits next to me: Wait you were on the cover of a magazine?

Me: Yes?
🚨🚨🚨 THIS IS NOT A DRILL! GILMORE GIRLS TRAILER! 🚨🚨🚨  
This really says everything you need to know about Trump supporters.  
"honestly, fuck my brains"
"These heels look super cute and make my short, stubby legs look long!"

*walks a block*

"I hate everything. This so isn't worth it."
This is pure perfection in every way  
Wife: How does this outfit look?
Me: Good! You’ve got a nice Han Solo look going. Into it!
Wife: That’s not what I’m going for.
I’ve always considered myself a cold weather runner, but geez does getting used to the cold suck. #myearshurt
Ugh. We had one racist/misogynist driver and one who really looked me up and down when I got in last week in Houston. Ugh.  
It was SO good!  
Can’t a girl just buy some fucking cookies from her favorite place at the farmers market without being called sir 🖕🖕🖕
Definitely the response of a man who respects women.  
SOOOOOO wish registration closed after the Berlin lottery. Ugh.  
Updated to iOS 10.1 and this happened. Thanks Apple.  
Damn homosexuals. They're so gay. Always gaying up America with their gayness.  
My 2017 race schedule is already getting really crowded. Yeeps.
It's 10:21 on a Monday morning and I've already asked our CEO if I can borrow his grappling hook. My week is going to be great.
"suppress the the Trump"  
Every Monday should start with a big hug from  
#TWD tonight felt like violence for the sake of violence
Totally brutal. Geez. #TWD
Which show should I watch live tonight, Westworld or Walking Dead?
A5: Beer, decent post race food, waiting for friends to finish. #runchat  
A4: Beer right at the finish line or the fleece blanket from Richmond Marathon. #runchat  
A3: I tend to do best when training in the summer for fall races. Spring marathons are always a bust for me. #runchat  
Ah, yes, the highly accurate Halloween costume metric  
A2: I guess it's not super unknown, but I really want to do   after DNSing it last year. #runchat  
A1: There was a 10k I did 4yrs ago that was basically run up a hill, turn around, run down the hill, turn around, run up the hill. #runchat  
Happy Sunday #runchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! My only goal left for 2016 is to enjoy myself and crack 1300 miles for the year.  
Trying to decide between Mabel Pines and Judy Hopps for Halloween
SUPER annoying that the 2017 #BerlinMarathon lottery drawing is the day after #ChicagoMarathon guaranteed entry registration closes.
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 3 mins and 55 secs and felt good. Windy af out there this morning! Steady win   
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 3 mins and 55 secs and felt good. Windy af out there this morning! Steady win   
Slept 10hrs last night and had to force myself to not sleep all day. A marathon, Disney World, and tech conference in 2wks will wear you out
And now a gif of the wind on my run this morning  
Yay  ! Congrats!! #FlyTheW
It wasn’t me!  
It may be EWR, but having a major airport 15 minutes away is really nice when all you want is to be home and hugging your cats
According to Twitter/Snapchat, everyone I know either dyed their hair today or chopped it all off
Ugh.  
This article has a fun and beautiful layout!  
👌👌👌  
I’d like to alert   that I, a woman who was born with a penis, used the women’s room in Texas a bunch this week. Nothing happened.  
#nastyparty of course!  
.   just called everyone who works at Tumblr “fucking weirdos.” He’s not wrong.
I just walked up to a bar, pointed at a beer tap shaped like Texas and said "can I have one of those Texas jawnz?"
Republican have completely lost control of their party  
“If you’re not explicitly inclusionary, you’re implicitly exclusionary.” - Hazel Havard   #ghc16
My favorite thing about #ghc16 is absolutely going to be how excited young women get when they see the Tumblr booth and get to talk to us
Instead of watching the debate tonight, I met my half sister and niece for the first time ever. It was a very lovely evening!
Doesn’t look like I’ll be watching the debate so my life will be a lot less stressful, but also I’ll have no idea what ppl are taking about
This is awful, but actually really readable  
How did I run a nearly flawless marathon? #runchat #bibchat #ChicagoMarathon   
What an excellent way to show trans women they’re welcome at  ! Nothing makes us calmer than the words “airport-like security!” 😒  
This Uber has the unique smell of vomit mixed with BO mixed with leather, but at least he’s not racist and misogynistic like the last guy?
I completed the #StravaBackHalf challenge by a whopping 17 seconds! Thanks for the free shoes   and  !! #bibchat #runchat  
If anyone is at GHC this week come say hi! I’ll be sporadically at the Tumblr/Yahoo booth and just generally around and about
“There’s a hot tub at the hotel, I’m going to go take advantage of that!”

*looks at watch*

“Oh, it’s 92° outside”
Mandated sex changes sound good to me. Do you know how many hoops there are to jump through right now?!? Oof!  
Guy sees my run Chicago shirt and says “my coworker ran the Chicago Marathon. She ran a 3:45. She’s not very good though.”

Wat. 😡😡😡
Flight attendants saying you cannot have a “Galaxy 7.” No use of the word Note. This whole thing must be super confusing for non-tech ppl
Uber to gate in ten minutes. Pre-check for the win.
Trump says the media is against him, but all I keep hearing is them stumbling over backwards to make him sound like a reasonable candidate.
When "air guitar" is listed under your interests  
Today was my one day in the office between vacation and Grace Hopper so I didn't even really try to get into real work mode
GOP refusing to work w/a president who hasn't even been elected yet tells you everything you need to know about how much they hate democracy
I've completely derailed every work Slack channel I've participated in today ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
For safety, men should stop attacking women. That's it. That's the whole article.  
STFU  
👏trans girls are girls👏
👏trans women are women👏
👏trans boys are boys👏
👏trans men are men👏
It turns out that you can, in fact, eat too much salad. #sofull
Is this Trump bait?  
Status: under a pile of cats
Ain’t gonna complain about our flight landing 30 minutes early.

YOUR MOMMAS ARE ON THEIR WAY, CATS!!!
This and, also, being trans is part of who I am and I refuse to hide that  
🍿 🍿 🍿  
This TSA agent is joking about Samsung Galaxy Note 7s being “personal hand grenades.” 😬😬😬
Always travel with the silliest person you know  
I like that my sport necessitates an article about how to pee in public  
I’m sad vacation is over, but this has been a looong trip and I miss my cats. The kitty countdown is on.
This is so sad. Sending my thoughts to   and the rest of Trinity’s family.  
How much does it cost to get a marble bust made? Asking for my cat.

This is not a joke tweet.

It may be a cry for help, though.
Either they really changed up the script or Jungle Cruise skippers are going rogue. We’ve had three WAYYYYY off script this trip. All A+!
Looks like emojis are over  
Good luck to everyone running #RWHalf!!
Good luck to everyone running #RWHalf!!
I’m pro-Frozen, but the Frozen ride was so much better when it was Maelstrom
When does registration close for the   marathon (if it doesn’t sell out)? Literally asking for a friend. #runDisney #WDWMarathon
cool.  
Mmmhelp  
Not quite sure this jabroni understands what “unsubstantiated” means  
Dat iPhone 7 waterproofing  
Pool times  
Here’s the question, do I trust the iPhone 7 waterproofing enough to video myself going down this water slide?
Best Twitter poll  
Lady runner with a beer is the emoji that describes my life  
These monkeys  
When   ruins your Darth Vader snap  
This right here! I’d rather be able to stay strong than have a race feel easy.  
I was catching Pokémon  
Then it’s only fair we get credit for everything that goes right too  
I kinda want to peak an alternate universe where Disney has to figure how to add Trump to the Hall of Presidents
It’s absolutely a distraction from the issues if you don’t think women are people  
Huge if true  
I can tell you exactly where to put it. My belly.  
Ran 1.2 miles in 11 mins and 6 secs and felt tired. My legs promptly told me they were not ready to run ye   
So much for my running zero week
When your depression and anxiety make an appearance on your vacation at The Most Magical Place On Earth
Oogie Boogie!  
So I guess I'm the mayor of Never Land?  
Trick or treating in Disney World got   And me like  
Halloween party! 👻 👻 👻  
It's an elephant! And it flies!  
🚀 🚀 🚀  
Grace Hopper unfollowed me the week before GHC. Weird.  
This is actually not as bad as I expected  
Finally.  
Lady scarecrow  
Scarecrow  
I had to get cozy with this thought real quick when I transitioned. Never had the thought before. Now it’s every day.  
More Wishes!  
Wishes!  
No cat is too big to be a box cat  
Danielle + tea cups = terrifying  
Human rights should not be put up for a popular vote 🙅🙅🙅  
The scariest part of Halloween in Magic Kingdom is    
Trump will be great for women!  
*adds countdown to end of the universe to her countdown widget*  
#repealthe19th? How about we repeal men instead?
My greatest skill  
😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡   
I’ve kind of fallen in love with live photos on this trip. And the iPhone 7 Plus’s 2x camera has been a game changer.
This is literally why we have the first amendment  
This is my new friend  
He’s just trying to remind everyone of what they’re hoping to revert America to.  
I asked this gorilla how it felt about this election  
Naked mole rats are cute. Fuck the haters.  
No Fucks Obama is the best Obama  
A6: I like food way too much. All of it. And my job surrounds me with endless amounts of free food at all times. #bibchat  
A5: Some combination of bagel, apple, Clif/Picky bar, and Honey Stinger waffle #bibchat  
A1: Carbs. Carbs. Carbs. And no shame. 

Gimme carbs. #bibchat  
Hi #bibchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City!    
Important!  
This is so good  
2016 #ChicagoMarathon race recap! 

My best race ever!

#runchat #bibchat #chimarathon    
😍😍😍  
This hotel is always so unkept! Hoping the elevators are working today.   Hollywood Tower Hotel  
Excellent!  
My 2016 Chicago Marathon race recap! #runchat #bibchat    
You’re killing it, Donald! Totally! For real!  
Chippies  
Waiting for the new Soarin’ and really hoping they kept Puddy
.   MADE me do this  
It’s #WorldMentalHealthDay. I suffer from depression, anxiety, and ADHD and am no stranger to being suicidal. This does not make me weak.
The kid behind us on Disney’s Magical Express is absolutely losing his shit. It’s actually quite entertaining.
help  
I was so concerned with the race that the Disney portion of this racecation never really sunk in
I was so concerned with the race that the Disney portion of this racecation never really sunk in
Big fan of PRO Compression socks, but I refuse to spend money on a Columbus Day sale. 😡😡😡  
Great crowd support throughout the course is one of the things that makes Chicago my favorite marathon!  
RBG noooooooo!!!!  
If you don’t think Hillary Clinton is a saint for putting up with what she has this election, you’re not watching the same election as me
And now time for something completely different… Disney World here we come!  
The Laughing Cow tent gave out entire boxes of cheese dippers after the race. What am I supposed to do with these?  
I legit can’t tell if Trump is delusional enough to think he’s doing well or too narcissistic to admit that he’s not
MSNBC crew is talking about how Clinton didn’t engage or push back on everything. SHE ONLY HAD TWO MINUTES PER ANSWER! #debate
Hoooooly shit  
Scalia died recently? Look at a calendar, Donny. It’s been quite some time now #debate
Clinton is thinking about how she's going to decorate the Oval Office #debate  
Is anyone keeping an ISIS count? #debate
If no one “has more respect for women than” Trump does, then women are entirely fucked #debate
This is a real tweet  
A4: They don’t stay put, they bounce around #runchat  
A3: I try to carry as little as possible. Just my  keys. For racing, some gels…maybe. #runchat  
A1: Park water fountains #runchat  
Hi #runchat! Popping in late! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Last race was Chicago Marathon today!  
The never ending amount of different people all coming together in one place is what makes NYC great.  
Okay, I mean, yeah, a fair amount of men do talk like this when women aren’t around, but that doesn’t make it not terrible af  
Patsy is the cutest!  
Not looking forward to dilating, sticking a needle in my leg, or foam rolling
Not seen: my beer #chicagomarathon   Grant Park  
Got it! #chicagomarathon   Grant Park  
Oh hells to the fuck yeah!

Not just the best marathon I’ve ever run, but the best race I’ve ever run. Period. 

Boston 2018, you’re mine!  
Goodnight &amp; good luck to all my #ChicagoMarathon friends!            
I want to live in a world where this is surprising  
You do realize Grace Hopper is a conference specifically for *women* in computing, right?  
👌  
Why would this jabroni follow me?  
Combating pre-race nerves #ChicagoMarathon  
Flat Amy is laid out and ready for #ChicagoMarathon  
In my life I’ve supported one thing you’ve ever done and it’s this right here. Go down with your hate ship, you piece of shit.  
Exactly. I want him and the GOP to have ride this out. You don’t get to drop this hellstorm on us and then just walk away.  
Unfortunately, the GOP have a real problem with understanding cause and effect. Also, consequences.  
We need to stop pretending Trump doesn’t represent GOP values. That is exactly what he represents, in their purest and rawest form.
So you’re going to not vote for the vocal misogynist and instead wrote in the guy who has legislated against women?  
Think of all the things Trump has said that haven’t been recorded or tweeted.

Then join me in volunteering for the first trip to Mars.
Yes.   Goddess and the Baker  
I get really anxious in places without a strong jaywalking culture
#ChicagoMarathon training recap!    
This is the more extreme end of it, but not uncommon from my experience in male-only spaces  
Ironic how pro-Trump people are the same who think trans women are a threat to women
This is just a bandaid fix, but I’m so thankful for it  
God, this isn’t even hyperbole. This is straight reality.  
.  isn’t talking to me anymore b/c she told me she’s reading Secrets of a Charmed Life&amp;I asked if it was fully or semi charmed
 
These pancakes tho   The Bongo Room  
These pancakes tho   The Bongo Room  
This is going to sound weird/gross, but I hate automatic toilets that flush before I can double check the color of my pee
Hi Chicago! I’m here now! 🛬 #ChicagoMarathon
“If there are any physicians on board,please ring your flight attendant call button”

Well, folks,I’m officially on the flight from Airplane
What’s the point of scheduling an   if the driver is just going to cancel it immediately
👌👌👌  
Carbo-loading means I can subsist on just bagels and candy, right? #runchat
I had two bagels for lunch and it was perfect.
Pretty sure that as a woman, I can make my own decisions about my feminism without a man helping me figure it out.  
"Disney is evil! Why would you support that?!" - a guy tweets using a smartphone made by another company that is evil
SORRY FOR LIKING FUN!  
Someone took the time to comment via Google+ on my Gmail profile photo to call me an "ugly fag." #notmadjustimpressed
*welcomes herself to Carboload City with a handful of gummy bears*
Fun thing about #RutgersUnite is it was the first half marathon I ever did and look how that turned out!
Oh, hey, I didn’t mention this yet, but I’m an ambassador for the 2017 #RutgersUnite Half Marathon! It’s one of my fave races! #bibchat  
Never understood why you wouldn’t use a paper towel instead of a paper napkin  
 
I love when I reduce our engineering slack channel to crickets  
Holy crap. Read the thread.  
Hey, fellow woman, maybe don't encourage men to come to an event/hangout using women in sports bras as the incentive.
That moment when   steps out of the elevator 10 feet from your desk
Ack! So soon!  
If I week goes by and I haven't learned AT LEAST one new thing, I consider it a failure.  
Holy shit. My pharmacy was actually able to refill my 40mg/ml estradiol!

This shouldn't have to be a thing that's surprising.
This ad is so good, it's almost as if Pence did it on purpose.  
How is this bad? I want open open borders. The world needs fewer borders.  
That’ll do, iPhone 7 Plus battery. That’ll do.  
The real winner of the #VPDebate was my body’s hydration. Had to sub water for alcohol since I’m not drinking this week. 64oz in 90 minutes
I’m so glad that shit show is over #VPDebate
The only time either candidate strongly stood out tonight was Kaine talking about women and abortion. #VPDebate
“Why don’t you trust women?” - Tim Kaine

ANSWER IT PENCE! #VPDebate
Damn, Kaine with a KO blow to Pence regarding abortion #VPDebate
This.  
“I try to spend a little time on my knees every day.” - Mike Pence, the guy who HATES gays #VPDebate
👏I👏don’t👏care👏about👏your👏faith👏 #VPDebate
If you think repeating the things Trump has said is an “insult-driven campaign” then maybe the problem is Trump #VPDebate
Kaine putting his finger up to silence Pence was amazing #VPDebate
Face swapping Kaine and Pence actually makes Pence look more normal #VPDebate  
To all immigrants to America, all I have to say is “welcome to the shit show.” #VPDebate
Please, go into detail about “extreme vetting,”  . Please. #VPDebate
A4: Dealing with it right now. Raced a half too hard 3wks before goal marathon, didn’t adjust training for recovery after. #bibchat  
When Pence says “restore law and order,” what he means is “lock up all the black people.” #VPDebate
Well, I mean, maybe we can let them speak when spoken to. We’ll see. #VPDebate  
I was worried the #VPDebate was going to keep me up past my bedtime tonight, but this is completely unwatchable so maybe not
You forgot gays. #VPDebate  
Welp, this is already a disaster for everyone #VPDebate
A1: Trust your training and try to relax. Stick to your race plan. You were smarter when you made the plan than on race day. #bibchat  
Just remember, Mike Pence hates LGBT people and loves the KKK. #VPDebate
#VPDebate, #BibChat, and #DevDiscuss at the same time!  
#YoureTheWorst is super underrated. Really funny while also adding humanity to mental illness and taking it seriously
We’re supposed to trust   with cyber, but the   does this. Okay.  
What is going on over at  . You guys are a disgrace.  
In other news,   has mastered time travel  
I'm full of cats today  
Shit. There's a debate tonight and I can't drink. Help.
I can't possibly imagine caring less about VR. Just so not interesting to me. #GoogleEvent
Google Pixel looks like a really great phone and I would buy one if I used Android, but it's not exciting or interesting in any way
It'd be rad if Apple and Google stopped thinking I want to actually talk to my phone to do things.

Yes, I get the irony.
Took me a few commutes to get through this whole thing, but it's a fantastically silly read  
It's #NationalTacoDay. Gimme.
Never thought I could be a runner or even run a 5k, but here I am about to run my 9th marathon!  
Never thought I could be a runner or even run a 5k, but here I am about to run my 9th marathon!  
How could a relationship survive that in this election?  
I just died on Mars a whole lot using Musk Lander!  
I'm presenting Evil Dead 1 &amp; 2 at Tumblr's Movies We ❤️ tonight which means I'm making a powerpoint presentation about Kandarian Demons
Can't wait!!  
#NationalBoyfriendDay is a thing?

PASS!
I attended a talk Mahzarin Banaji did about this earlier this year. So good! Take the test!  
I’m running out of fingers to count the number of zombie movies I’ve seen w/scenes involving zombie dongs. That’s a thing I’ve got going on
Three years later and I'm still struggling with financial companies that failed to properly update my name. Looking at you   &amp;  
Anyone have a packing list iOS app they love? Must be able to create reusable lists. Bonus for syncing to cloud, export/sync to Reminders
Just got a weird craving for McDonald’s
Taken with the iPhone 7 Plus's 56mm camera and edited with Lightroom for iOS. The 56mm camera is…  
:( :( :(  
I would like to know which debate he is talking about because it certainly wasn't the one on Monday  
When you lose your Garmin a week before your marathon  
Busy week for Donny boy!

This thread is a great summery of this week.  
It’s torture waiting for   to get home tonight so we can start #LukeCage
October!
WTC  
Today is my last day on my team at work. I'm super excited to officially join API Core on Monday, but I'll miss the Jazz Falcons!
What call? The disgusting misogynistic woman-shaming call? That's not a thing, Donny.  
We have a few gems like this in our codebase  
For anyone wondering, I decided to keep the iPhone 7 Plus and returned the iPhone 7. The Plus is big and cumbersome, but it's grown on me
Well, it's come to this  
I'm bummed camping this weekend got rained out, but it definitely makes the next two weeks of my life easier
This  
Earn 3 free tickets to Collision worth $700 each by referring 3 women in tech. Limited to first 2,016 tickets.  
It's a shitty morning over here  
I know it’s raining and 59°, but I don’t think heavy winter coats are necessary yet, folks
I would buy one of these in a heartbeat if they weren't only available in unisex* sizes.

*men's  
This is why I live in Jersey City.  
I'm very proud of our iOS peeps!  
If the first (or any) sentence of your article about a trans person shares their birth name, please stop writing about trans people. kthx.
I'm good at reviewing code  
👏👏👏 The Feminist Bookstore Featured in Portlandia Has a 'Fuck Portlandia' Sign in the Window  
Okay, hair doesn't look bad at all today. Boom.  
Verifying myself: I am entirelyamelia on Keybase.io. Ca943NH5C96IVyxWuURjcda6vGv0Byonh2_j /  
Earn 3 free tickets to Collision worth $700 each by referring 3 women in tech. Limited to first 2,016 tickets.  
Is it okay for me to remove the arms of anyone who grabs me on the street?  
:( :( :(  
Why bother trying to change the perception that you hate women. Might as well just go all in and double down on the misogynist vote.  
Holy shit! I hope everyone is okay!  
This will be easier for you when you stop being a dick to trans people  
Really annoying that   turns the first into the second here. Just take the fucking data I give you and don’t recalculate unless I ask  
Earn 3 free tickets to Collision worth $700 each by referring 3 women in tech! Limited to first 2,016 tickets.  
*looks for tickets for the Cubs playoff game on 10/7 on StubHub*

*nixes that idea immediately*
Come to this and hang out with me!  
Dat Rebel Alliance shirt tho  
This will help me set my B and C goals for #ChicagoMarathon  
Went to PT this morning for my leg. Outlook is good! Going to cautiously resume my running schedule tonight with 9mi and see how it feels.
I didn't study programming. I did some liberal arts bullshit. Yet I get paid to write code every day and I know a lot about it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
My mistake!  
My mistake!  
All I did was retweet you  
Uh huh. So having tits means can’t do the STEM, I guess.  
This dude literally just defined sexism  
A5: Gotta hang them up to dry immediately! #bibchat  
A4: Pre-work runs, I shower right away. Other times…we don’t need to talk about it. I’m gross. #bibchat  
A3: Tanks, tees, and base layers get one wear between washes. Sports bras, shorts, and tights get 2-3, but hang dry between runs. #bibchat  
A2: Let them dry after runs. Sometimes a little baby powder #bibchat  
Hi #bibchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City!    
.   presented The Room for Tumblr movie night and it’s the best experience. I haven’t seen this in forever.
Yeah, I saw your subtweet 👌
Dude mansplained to me SpaceX's failures b/c he "had no idea I follow space exploration" stuff.

If I'm talking about it, maybe I follow it?
Let me on that rocket  
Elon Musk just described all the spaceships he wants to send to Mars as being like the Colonial Fleet from Battlestar Galactica
Humanity doesn't deserve the things Elon Musk works hard to give us
MARS!  
You're gonna get some company, little buddy!  
LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED! COME ON!

I WANNA GO TO MARS! #getmeoffthisplanet  
Please send me to Mars. I don't even need to come back. Just get me off this planet. Please.  
More things like this please  
|￣￣￣￣￣|
|  Register  |
|      TO      |
|   VOTE     |
| ＿＿＿＿_|
(\__/) ||
(•ㅅ•) ||
/ 　 づ
 
Not sure Donny boy understands double negatives?  
I feel like I haven't run in a year. I feel like all my training is draining out of me. :(
I love where I work so much!  
Trump says he is going to “make America great agin,” but his history is in rooting against America. And last night, he bragged about it.
There is literally no winning move for women  
Willfully ignorant or a raging misogynist. I’ll let them choose which one they want to be. #DebateNight  
🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋🙋  
"I HAVE A GOOD TEMPERAMENT!!!!!!" - Man screams at woman on presidential debate stage #DebateNight
"Everyone is saying I won the debate" - Donald

WHO?! WHO IS SAYING THAT?! NO ONE IS SAYING THAT!  
Donald is on Bloomberg complaining about the things Hillary didn't do during some imaginary presidency she's already had? #DebateNight
Donald screamed like a spoiled baby at Hillary while she stood there and stayed calm and calculated. #DebateNight
BREAKING: Man screams at woman because she wasn't nice to him. #DebateNight
It's okay, everyone! Donald has restraint!! #DebateNight  
"your President thinks "

  denying Obama's title as President. #DebateNight
"Could be someone sitting on their bed who weighs 400lbs"

Hi  , your pal   doesn't like fat people.

#debatenight
I mean,   thinks black people are dumb, right? There can't be any other reason for what he's saying. #DebateNight
"I prepared to be President." - HILLARY FUCKING CLINTON!

BOOM!

#DebateNight
Donald is proud of his NRA endorsement. Everything you need to know about how he feels about violence in this country. #DebateNight
Donald just groaned at "black communities." #DebateNight #BlackLivesMatter
Help me   #DebateNight  
I tried to get through this without beer, but I need a beer. #DebateNight
Hi,  , how's your health? Your keep sniffling. Please address this immediately. #DebateNight
Clinton is being methodical AF tonight #DebateNight
Donald is trying to go full on patriarchy tonight and Clinton is having none of it #DebateNight
CLINTON JUST WELL ACTUALLYED TRUMP!!!!!! #DebateNight
"That's called business"

HOLY FUCK DONALD

#DebateNight
Trump keeps sniffling. Are we going to make a big deal about his health or is that reserved for Clinton/women? #DebateNight
help #DebateNight
Trump's opening move is Mexico. Surprise! #DebateNight
Well, I already want to die #debatenight
Just told the cat that my love for her is “more of a Stockholm syndrome kinda thing.”
New rule: companies that try to play both sides of this election don’t get my business.

Stop trying to make money off this nightmare.  
Same  
Same  
This is SUPER important  
Whoa, Disney working on a bid for Twitter? Wild.  
Ugh. We've become so desensitized to mass shootings that they barely even show up in my Twitter timeline anymore  
This is pretty cool!  
Ugh. Two weeks before goal marathon day is NOT a good time to be playing the "Injury or Just Body Being Weird" game. Fuck. #runchat #bibchat
Mac users, how frequently do you restart? Please include which year/model Mac you have in your response.
A4: Increasing mileage slowly, keeping up with strength training, not running through pain, days off when your body asks for them #runchat  
A3: Clearly not enough #runchat  
A2: If a few days off doesn’t help,it’s off to the doctor. I’d rather get answers/direction quickly than waste time &amp; flounder w/it #runchat  
A1: I ankle tendinitis that nagged me for years. Turned out I just had weak/tight calves. #runchat  
Hi #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City!   is a timely sponsor for me since my IT band started bothering me this weekend.  
Mark this tweet as the exact moment I gave up all remaining hope for this election, country, species, and planet.  
These medals are gorgeous  
not running today = depression

depression = being lazy and unproductive

being lazy and unproductive = more depression
I hate binging shows that are still running. Eventually, you get caught up and have…wait…between episodes. It’s bullshit.
Apple, this is a very confusing dialog  
Pretty sure everyone I follow on Snapchat flew somewhere today
Empire Strikes Back is on TNT right now and I just paused the opening scroll to go to the bathroom as if I haven’t seen it a billion times
I’m the Oxford comma’s biggest fan, but I never liked this image. Why are JFK and Stalin crossdressing strippers?  
These people support him BECAUSE Of this  
iPhone 7+ battery life  
Def raced harder than I should’ve last wk. My legs are still beat up, which would be fine if I didn’t have my last long run (21 mi) tomorrow
Holding back some serious hot subtweets this morning
Sometimes when our downstairs neighbor is having loud sex with his girlfriend, I like to loudly imitate their sex noises &amp; hope they hear me
This   story is super weird. Bummer too, I always liked him.  
*looks at her code*  
"sleep is just death's free trial" -  
These medals look so fun! I can't wait to earn six of them in January! #DopeyChallenge #WDWMarathon #runDisney #runchat #bibchat  
So much love to   for constantly focusing on diversity with their covers!  
Wanted: A PSL that's like a tenth as sweet
The most cis white male response to anything ever, "I would see the funny side of it not the creepy side of things."  
It’s Friday!  
Google will purchase Twitter, make it worse, then shut it down in a year. It's how Google rolls.  
"Things are so bad that you attempted suicide so we're going to punish you by making your life even worse"  
I really want to be Jessica Jones for Halloween, but this is already how I dress every day in the fall  
This is why I don't use any cloud storage services for my photos. Can't trust how long they'll exist.  
Eep  
I would say the iPhone 7 Plus’s 2x camera’s real utility is much more about perspective than it is zoom. 56mm is 👌👌👌
Why does she get such a classy looking photo? Where’s her mugshot?  
Cats, man  
I deployed a big project this morning and I legit don't know the answer to this right now  
In case you didn't already think   was an incompetent shitbag, here's more evidence  
For those wondering about the accuracy of the GPS in the Apple Watch Series 2, here it is compared to my Garmin on my last few runs  
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 9 mins and 50 secs and felt good. Beautiful weather for a run this morning! S   
🤔🤔🤔  
Always exciting to be re-deploying code to production that caused a breaking incident last time you deployed it!
Hi friend!!!  
This!  
If you're going to try to mansplain to me how cameras/lenses work, make sure you're right because if you don't, I will. :)
So trans people should have to ask permission to use the bathroom? 🖕

And then what happens if we get a no? We don't get to pee? 🖕  
WHY IS IT NEVER ALIENS?!  
One of the first things I tell people who ask me for running advice  
"can we maybe chill with the distraction?"

"get headphones"

"i'm literally wearing them right now"

"make them louder"

🖕
Looks super fake in a lot of those samples though :/  
Question: Should I get a flu shot a week and a half before a marathon? I've never had an issue before with the shot, but hm #runchat
I mean, nothing about this is inaccurate.

Porn Site Celebrates Sex Number  
This is ridiculous.  
I've noticed some general iPhone 7 radio weirdness too. Also, a couple times it says "No SIM" and I have to eject my SIM and push it back in  
I've noticed some general iPhone 7 radio weirdness too. Also, a couple times it says "No SIM" and I have to eject my SIM and push it back in  
Yup. It was so perfect. It felt like a natural joke on the show without being forced in there at all.  
Ran 10.02 miles in 1 hour and 22 mins and felt alright. Legs are still pretty sore and tired from Sunday's   
This! (re: Trump)

Read the whole thread.  
Hi Weather! It’s me, Amelia! How are you? I’d like to be able to dress in fall appropriate clothes now. Please and thank you!
A6: My mental illness (depression, anxiety, ADHD), the bullshit of the world #bibchat  
A5: I like a shoe that’s light and gets out of the way. Less is more for me! Been running in the same model for 4+ yrs now. It’s 👌 #bibchat  
A2: Sub-3:30 marathon. #bibchat  
A1: Consistency and focus. Running has to be number one priority! #bibchat  
#Brooklyn99 one of the few sitcoms that's never been transphobic. Tonight, they made fun of Ace Ventura's transphobia. Love this show!
I'm Amelia from Jersey City! Probably won't stay the whole hour, but here's a gif of me racing on Sunday #bibchat    
Oh man, Scream Queens is back tonight. Yes! #MoreChanel3Please
Even if you don’t think you could possibly win, take a moment and enter anyway. It just takes a few minutes!  
The search terms that got people to my blog this week are a real gem  
Wow,   didn’t waste anytime adding support for longer tweets  
When your coworker finds a James Hetfield soundboard and turns his volume up all the way the laughs last forever
Give me getters/setters or give me death  
That's a big ad for a phone that hasn't been announced yet  
If you support  , you are racist. You are willingly supporting a proud and open racist and that makes YOU racist too.
2016 Newport Liberty Half Marathon race recap #runchat #bibchat    
People sure like to threaten a lot of violence against Muslims because “they’re violent and want to murder you”
Courage  
How sore is too sore to even bother with a recovery run?
My training last week: 8 workouts for 53.55 mi and 4919 calories burned  
Every day, but especially today  
Just sold my 1.5 year old black Apple Watch Sport for $100. Apple really killed resale value on these by making the Series 1
Finally  
A4: Cooler temps, multicolored leaves #runchat  
A2: Not much different from summer except t-shirts start to replace tank tops and sports-bra-only #runchat  
Not a great weekend for NJ/NY. Ugh.  
A1: Just a   headband! #runchat  
.   is fucking amazing #Emmys2016
Hollywood, where they love to give Transparent awards, but don’t want to actually respect trans people or give them jobs. #Emmys2016
And there goes Jimmy Kimmel with the transphobic joke #Emmys2016
I have very mixed feelings about Jill Soloway these days…which is a big step up from how I felt about her 18 months ago #Emmys2016
Yay Kate McKinnon!!! #Emmys2016
Good lord   has a lot of dress on tonight! I love it! #ERedCarpet #Emmys2016  
If you have an iPhone 7 Plus, put your finger over the 2x camera then switch to 2x.

My camera still works as if my finger’s invisible.

WTF
Motherfucker.  
Some jabronis are complaining on Nextdoor about today's race blocking traffic. We'll talk when drivers start stopping at stop signs/lights
But hey, who needs a 3.5mm headphone jack that’s been working great for 100+ years?  
First race since having surgery and it's a half marathon PR! 1:40:03! #newportnjhalf  
Good luck to everyone racing today! #bibchat #runchat
Today, an NYC intersection I travel through daily and a 5k in NJ were bombed.

I’m just a bit terrified right now.
Holy fuck. This is terrifying. I’m at this intersection every day too.

Please stay safe NYC, friends.  
Ladies, when you race in just a sports bra, where do you pin your bib? #runchat #bibchat #sportsbrasquad
Finally got a 💇. It’s short.
What. The. Fuck.  
Mexican street corn from  ! Yum!  
This donut is an ice cream sandwich   All About Downtown Street Fair  
Amazing night tonight with awesome friends and coworkers 👌👌👌
I’m loving the new home “button” on the iPhone 7
One of these is getting returned, but I still don't know which one  
Absolutely FANTASTIC episode of #IllHaveAnother!  
Looks like   is having problems.   is dead :(
Running is beautiful because it is raw, honest, emotional, and personal. #FastFriday  
Take a few minutes and enter this contest. Being on the cover of Women’s Running is 👌. Trust me.  
This album is stupidly excellent  
This album is stupidly excellent  
#NewportNJHalf on Sunday will be my 1st race since surgery. I'm both excited and nervous. Also, what is this course?  
This is accurate.  
I am here for this. In other news, I am a terrible person and everyone hates me.  
Planning Tumblr femgineer lunch today was a logistical nightmare because we had too many women coming ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Completely expecting the headphone jack and SD card slot to disappear from MacBook Pros, but UGGGGHHHHHHH  
I love Jersey City so much, but yeah this city needs to slow it's roll with this high-rises  
I just registered for the #LoveRunPhilly!  
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 53 secs and felt great. Beautiful weather for a run this morning!   
Is there anything worse than foam rolling?
Bummed that Star Wars: The Force Awakens in   was canceled because of the rain tonight 😢 🎥 ☔️
iMessage stickers are going to be the end of my marriage  
Because   isn't expensive enough already, they're raising the entry fee. Ugh.  
Ran 10 miles in 1 hour and 16 minutes and felt great. I've been running like complete garbage the last few days   
I somehow missed this feature in WatchOS3, but this is a literal gamerchanger for me with the Apple Watch. Holy shit  
My biggest concern for my marathon next month is control. I’ve been horrible at controlling my pace throughout this training cycle
This is perfect!  
A2: Skip having a life outside running and you’re good to go! #bibchat  
A1: Usually running = my life. The rest of things get scheduled around running #bibchat  
Anyone else having this issue or just my wife?  
Yeah Sarah!  
Douchebag pushes me towards the subway tracks, I push back for my safety, he calls me a cunt, I ask him if that was necessary, he says yes
Has anyone made an iMessage app that sends the Bee Movie script yet?
If you're blowing up someone's pull request with comments about existing code, you're being a dick and should knock it off.
I used the beta for this all summer and it's fantastic. Makes the Apple Watch significantly better.  
No one will ever want to text with me again now that I can shitpost in iMessage  
Oh god, the amount of money I'm going I spend on iMessage stickers is beyond embarrassing. Help.  
2 men straight up blocked a   door this morning. One sat on floor in doorway w/scooter. The other stepped on and stopped in doorway
Whoa, that might be a dealbreaker for me getting the 7 Plus over the 7. Longer lenses need stabilization more!  
Instagram today: Here is a great tool to help stop abuse

Twitter today: Here are more characters to abuse ppl with  
This may be my best PR approval ever. This is why you should work w/me. I do shit like this.    
I like when current issues reverberate backwards through time to cause world-altering events  
I just destroyed a whole container of blueberries and I want more
It's almost like giving users tools to avoid online abuse isn't all that hard to do. Talking to you  .  
The things I would give for episodes with Eccleston  
It feels like fall out and I am happy
Wait…what? Huh? Really?  
A6: Beer and a soft pretzel (or bagel if in NYC/NJ). #runchat  
A4: I don’t need entertainment, per se, but crowd support late in a race is a huge boost when struggling #runchat  
A3: I like the medals, but don’t need any more shirts. Would gladly opt out. #runchat  
 
Okay, I may have over scorpion-peppered my dinner 
🦂🌶  -&gt; 🔥🌋 -&gt; 💀⚰
Fuck, now Alexis Arquette. Ugh.  
As an Eagles fan, watching #NYGvsDAL always means rooting for a tie or both teams somehow losing
I can't believe I snoozed so long on Gravity Falls
Not a week goes by in this house without one of us singing this at the other  
15 years ago, I was settling into my first year of college on 9/11. There was such a strong sense of community among freshmen that semester
The line at Wonder Bagels is utterly ridiculous today
Blargh. Another shitty long run. Felt just like I did two weeks ago. Bailed at 11 again.

Running is dumb.
Not getting up early and doing my long run this morning means another night of going to bed early
What is wrong with this woman?  
Baaahahahahahahahahahahah  
If you don’t want to be called a bigot, maybe stop being a bigot  #BasketofDeplorables
Anniversary dinner!   The Hamilton Inn  
Today is 5 years of being married to  ! Don’t know how she’s put up with me this long, I wouldn’t have!
I guess I’m not doing my long run today
I guess I’m not doing my long run today
Watching Pitch Perfect 2 because  
This is the amazing company I am in as a former   cover runner! Join us! #WRCoverRunnerContest  
Celebrating two years and one week at this place  
I've had to use the last option more times than I care to admit  
👏 companies 👏 you 👏 don't 👏 own 👏 your 👏 employees 👏  
Doing this while I still can  
Still can’t decide if I want a 7 or 7 Plus so I pre-ordered both. Don’t let me forget to cancel one of these tomorrow. 📱
3am iPhone pre-orders. There’s no time all year I hate myself more
Me: Saturday is our 5 year anniversary, what should we do?

Wife: Cuddle our cats.

Me: So same as every other day for the last 5 years?
Apple is launching Powerbeats3 and BeatsX headphones this fall. Former charges w/microUSB, latter w/Lightning. Why not Lightning for both?
Not sure where to begin here -&gt;NJ lesbians must first have sex with men before receiving insured fertility treatment  
I'm really feeling this album  
Otherwise known as "being a woman"

   
Can't wait to find some time to spend with this  
That’s on a good day. Usually it’s “I’ll probably regret this, but what’s the worst that can happen?”  
We’re watching White God at Tumblr movie night and this one guy is like Alberto Salazar for dogs.

Also, I’ve already cried three times.
Can't wait for Trump's tweets about Apple removing the headphone jack on iPhones #AppleEvent
Ran 7.01 miles in 50 mins and felt great. 7 miles at a faster pace than my 5k PR and my Garmin claims mile   
Not surprising at all, but if there is no fallback to Bluetooth, they won’t work with anything else you own  
A6: I do a lot of math in my head using nums from my run. Or visualize myself near the end of my goal race #bibchat  
A4: On occasion, I run with  , but I generally prefer just my own company while running #bibchat  
A2: When outside,just give me the sound of the world around me &amp; my own thoughts. On the treadmill,pop punk #bibrave  
A1: I think through anything that's been on my mind, visualize race day, zone out. #bibchat  
Excellent read from my friend  !  
“You spell your name Emilia?”

“No, I spell it the correct way.”

I only get snotty because I really emphasize the A when I give my name
Ugh. I'm going to end up buying an iPhone 7 Plus, I know it. If that camera is only on the Plus, I'm going to have to get it.
👌  
👌  
These people seem like they know how to party  
My training last week: 6 workouts for 48.04 mi and 4582 calories burned  
Got my little buddy napping behind me while I do my fantasy draft  
This thread  
I need a new side project. I told myself I wouldn’t take in a serious project again, but I kinda want to start something new, big, &amp; awesome
tbh, I have no idea how half the things I’ve created work  
Anyone have recommendations for flattering jeans for thinnish ladies who are straight all the way down?
I should just start drinking coffee straight from the pot and save myself dirtying a mug. I drink the whole pot anyway.
Ran 17.01 miles in 2 hours and 18 mins and felt great. Much better than last week! I felt strong through the enti   
My day finally caught up with me. Excuse me while I take a forever nap
Beastmode burger from  ! Pray for me.   The Pennsy  
And the men's finish at the #NB5thAveMile!  
And  !! #NB5thAveMile  
Victory lap for   at #NB5thAveMile  
Jenny Simpson! #NB5thAveMile  
Too many runners to be excited about at #NB5thAveMile!
If all this iPhone 7 info is true, I could maybe learn to live without a headphone jack. Maybe. MAYBE!  
Who do I know cheering at #NB5thAveMile right now? Anyone wanna meet up after for coffee or lunch?
Busy day so far!
✅wake up at 4:30am
✅dilate
✅take   to airport
✅run 17 miles
✅shower
✅make smoothie, eat empanada
     cheer at #NB5thAveMile
Time is money, money is power, power is pizza, and pizza is knowledge!
Stay inside if there’s lightning, be aware of areas that easily flood

Other than that,ENJOY! Rain runs = best runs!  
I'm working with ES6 Javascript for the first time and this is like a whole new world.

There are classes!
Kennedy was such a great dog. 😢

Pets should live forever.  
Definitely  ,  ,  , and  ! #FastFriday    
You should do this!  
I feel like Amazon has been slowly working towards making it harder to just buy things I need/want. Everything lately is PrimePantry. Ugh.
I don't think there has ever been a time in my life in which the left looked more appealing to me than the right  
Shit, that sucks :(  
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 3 mins and 21 secs and felt good. Not really a "rain run," but it was at least a ste   
Everyone is getting new kittens and all I have are three lousy* adult cats

*super cute and lovable
How I recover from a morning 8-miler: oatmeal, iced coffee, protein, seltzer  
I’ve gone so all in on #sportsbrasquad this summer that wearing a shirt to run feels wrong now. I’m okay with this.
Wait, is Transsexualsaurus Rex a thing that’s been said before? Google is giving me nothing. There’s NO way I’m the first to think of this
187 miles in August? I'll take it! Nice to be nearing 200 again  
Perfect analogy  
Pretty sure a mutual follow subtweeted me to say I was asking for it. Neat!
It’s actually impressive how much I’ve been called “ugly,” “tranny,” and “faggot” in the last 40ish hours.  
Very curious to try this Test Beer from  . And the bag has slots to carry a six…  
Blue Point is at Tumblr HQ giving us beer on the roof  
I'm so sorry to whoever has to review this pull request.  
Really glad to see I'm not the only one who does this kind of thing  
Either PHP is a garbage turd or I'm a bad programmer. I'm going to just blame PHP.
What is happening here? I’m so confused.  
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 12 mins and 23 secs and felt alright. Didn't push myself today, just focused    
Woman: I don't want or like attention from men

Twitter mentions: *dozens of tweets telling her she's wrong*

The internet never changes
So the wall is really about personal revenge?  
. : What’s that?
Me: Phobos.
Her: Oh, looked like a lumpy pancake

Always thinking with her stomach.  
A1: When running is going well, it's a stress destroyer. When training is a struggle, Stress City, Pop: Me. #bibchat  
Chris Brown gonna Chris Brown.

Ugh. This guy.  
I found them to be very unsettling!

GRAPES SHOULD NOT TASTE LIKE COTTON CANDY!  
Well,I just walked 4 blocks w/my dress stuck in my underwear.I hope you enjoyed the show NYC!

In unrelated news:area woman jumps off bridge
Am I supposed to be flattered?

I'm not very pretty. Men will approach anyone they think they can put a penis in.  
Am I supposed to be flattered?

I'm not very pretty. Men will approach anyone they think they can put a penis in.  
no. No. NO. NO!

Do not talk to me. Please. Just leave me alone. Seriously. I'm not just saying it. SCRAM!

🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕  
Chris Christie is the 10 CP Pidgey that jumps out of a dozen poké balls and then takes off like a fucking asshole
Any trans ladies have experience with dilating while camping and what to share some advice? Mostly, cleaning advice.
Ugh. Don't hit update on your iPhone right before you need to use it to TFA into your work's VPN. Welp.
The man next to me on the train is drinking a can of Coke w/a straw at 9:15am. I don’t know why this is interesting to me,nothing wrong w/it
Yup yup yup  
Ban. All. Guns.

All of them.  
Ugh. Just ONCE can it actually be aliens?!  
This is absurd as it presents a chicken and egg problem.  
😢  
I slept 13 hours last night, called out of work sick, and barely have the energy to move.

I think I broke my body.
I’m glad it’s not still light out at 8:30 so I don’t have to feel bad about going to bed this early
Exactly one of these runs from this week went according to plan. Was supposed to be 5, 9, 8, 5, rest, 17, 4  
I don’t want to alarm you, but there may be a boogeyman or boogeymen in the house
Everyone should read this thread from top to bottom. It's important.  
So much for 17 miles today. It wasn’t even a struggle bus, it was a whole struggle train. Threw in the towel at 11. Might do the rest later.
How cool is my coworker Amanda?! Her job is MEME LIBRARIAN!!  
Remember when Pride events weren’t just a bunch of big corporations saying they’re just accepting enough to take your money?
The Jersey City LGBT Pride Festival is happening a few blocks from my house. I guess I should be a good little gay and at least stop by.
Men of the world, I assure you your masculinity is not in danger if a woman passes you on your run. Don’t hurt yourself trying to keep up.
📷 Tumblr staff has died.  
More lines of code = more bugs and security holes  
Number fourteen 😍😍😍  
Ack. I hate pushing long runs to Sunday, but sleeping til 9 when it’s going to be 90° today kinda took any choice I had out of that decision
It’s 5:30pm to on a Friday and I think I’m ready for bed. #goodnight
Ya'll should enter!  
If you don’t want to treat certain people, don’t be a doctor. Pretty simple.  
Why would I force myself to run 9mi for the 3rd day in a row when I only had 5 scheduled &amp; only slept 4hrs last night? What’s wrong with me?
I want this life  
Sometimes Tumblr hack day means you have a McFlurry and hash brown for breakfast  
My coworkers are so sweet  
When you realize you have coworkers whose lives don't intersect Kurt Cobain's at all
The hack day project that   is working on literally involves her pouring beers and handing them out to people. This is great. 🍺
I’m so scared of what’s happening at Tumblr HQ right now. This is…wow. #help #jikes
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 9 secs and felt great. Today's run: comfortable!

I was supposed    
It's Tumblr hack day which means I created a bash alias called `shitsync`.

Also, I'm terrified of "project bing bong" and you should be too
Wonder if my coworkers think I'm weird when I've got an iced coffee, protein shake, and thing of water on my desk and I'm drinking all three
I was so excited to finally use my Rebel Alliance backpack today and quickly remembered why I don't wear backpacks. #backsosweaty
This woman on the PATH slammed her bag into me 2x, stepped on my foot 3x w/wedges (I’m wearing sandals btw), &amp; keeps giving me death stares
This is just absurd. Not providing trans ppl with transition-related care is bad medical practice. Factually proven.  
If your religious belief/freedom requires you to treat certain people as lesser then your religion is a problem.
I want this life  
Did I need to eat all that mac and cheese and soup for lunch?

No, but I did and there's nothing you can do about it.
T Rex bathroom mirror selfies   Tumblr  
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 8 mins and 55 secs and felt great. Effortless! Whoa! What a great fucking run   
So much of this hit me so close to home that I basically could have written parts of it  
I always forget how good "Drilling" by Minus the Bear is
It’s nice to come in from a run and not leave a sweat river behind me with every step
Why does Times Square even exist?
This is the nonsense I contribute to my team's Slack channel  
My descent into cat lady status is continuing to go much deeper than I ever thought possible. #moarcatsplz #help
My descent into cat lady status is continuing to go much deeper than I ever thought possible. #moarcatsplz #help
I had laser surgery in my mouth this morning. It took 20 minutes. All surgery should be lasers.
Imagine how great it would be if all of these could be gifs :(  
It's a really weird experience watching someone enjoy something they stole from you
"There should be no separation between an American citizen who was born here and an American citizen who was not"  
Yeah, basically this. There are only a handful of bars I actually enjoy being at.

Bars Are Not Fun  
Periodontist: You’re not pregnant, are you?
Me: That would be a medical miracle
Periodontist: *very puzzled look*
One day I’ll learn to not beat myself up over skipping a run.

I mean, it’s not like I was awake, dressed, &amp; already warming up.

Oh, I was.
And now Bob Costas is cryogenically frozen for another two years until the Winter Olympics. The cycle continues. #Rio2016 #Olympics
This has easily been my favorite Olympics ever, but I am so glad they’re over #Rio2016
Ugh. They should just re-theme Rockin’ Roller Coaster for Guardians of the Galaxy. It’s a great fit.  
I'm convinced this ice cream is literally made from magic  
Beet burgers for dinner!! I love beets!
Egg, cheese, and salsa baked in half an avocado. YUM!  
I love that my city has these parades for PoC, I just wish I didn’t live on the parade route. #sodamnloud
Such amazing work by our runners in Rio  
Da fuq?

Who can he marry then? Why do people think they can define someone else’s sexuality?  
Spent 15min looking for a sports bra I really wanted to wear. Found it in wife’s drawer. The struggle of two female athletes under one roof.
This is why he’s the best #Rio2016  
.   slips and falls AT the finish, does push-ups, gets up, and finishes 33rd with a smile ❤️❤️❤️ Best human. #Rio2016
And here comes  ! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ #Rio2016
Much more excited for Ward’s 6th place finish than Rupp medaling #Rio2016
Really just don’t care about Rupp’s bronze. #Rio2016
Great race by Kipchoge for the gold! #Rio2016
This. #Rio2016  
Lilesa looks like he’s struggling, but Rupp doesn’t look like he’s closing anymore #Rio2016
Gosh, what a terrible course with these tight 180° turns. #Rio2016
And Kipchoge is peacing everyone else out #Rio2016
Oh wow, Biwott stopped. Damn. #Rio2016
ANOTHER HAT FOR RUPP! #Rio2016 #hatathon
Somehow I can just never get enough of the marathon #Rio2016  
Shit. Meb stopped again! 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢 #Rio2016
Cat in one arm, coffee in another. Marathon in my TV. All is good. #Rio2016
Guys, I need constant Meb updates! #Rio2016
So far the highlights of this race are hats and shoelaces #Rio2016
Fuck! Meb! What’s wrong?!? No!!! #Rio2016
Meb tossed his hat! Someone grab it and ship it to me? #dibs #Rio2016
I love   so much. He’s the reason I care about the men’s marathon #Rio2016
Meb! Meb! Meb! #Rio2016
Big lead pack still #Rio2016
I’m going to need   to get out in front so I can see him better #Rio2016
Commentator saying mile twenty is basically halfway in a marathon based on how it feels. Accurate. #Rio2016
Watching the men’s marathon via the stream instead of NBC because I’m over NBC’s bullshit #Rio2016
15 minutes to   time! And then I can be done with the Olympics. #Rio2016
The American women really crushed it on the track this week. Amazing work by everyone! #Rio2016
Amazing finish by   in the women’s 4x400! #Rio2016
Did Chelimo just find out he was DQed on live TV from a reporter?!? WTF! #Rio2016
Sheesh #Rio2016  
Loving  ’s dance moves! #Rio2016
Yay  !! Great job! #Rio2016
Oh wow   is having none of this nonsense #Rio2016
If anyone gets shitty about Caster Semenya, I thank you for letting me know who I should unfollow #Rio2016
Congrats  ! And so proud of you  !! #Rio2016
Kate! Kate! Kate!  
Trying to explain to my wife via text how to use the Apple TV to watch the Olympics, but the entire UX/remote situation is just garbage
Oh, ok  
I’m going to go ahead and not feel bad for tanning salons one bit  
This party better have a TV with the Olympics on this evening  
Ran 15 miles in 2 hours and 9 mins and 5 secs and felt great. So much easier to run 15 miles when it's not   
Will I like Deadwood? I promised   I would watch it. Just started the first episode.
I keep reading people saying “science!” and “biology!” about Semenya who clearly don’t understand either.
I’d rather die of boredom than from being attacked for using a bathroom/existing  
Same  
Literally we all were #Rio2016  
BOLT!!! #Rio2016
Just so so so fast #Rio2016  
Lightning fast out of lane 1!!! #Rio2016
That 5,000m performance by Ayana makes me feel like maybe she really did crush the 10,000 as a clean athlete #Rio2016
Shoutout to the woman who just yelled “you’re a fucking man!!” at me
Shoutout to the woman who just yelled “you’re a fucking man!!” at me
BRING ON FALL! BRING ON ALL THE PUMPKIN! ALL OF IT!*

*PSLs need not apply. Too damn sweet.  
This is really important and helps me start each day fresh and ready for new things  
WOWOWOWOWOW That   200m run! WOW! Way to blow the rest of the field away! #Rio2016
Ashton Eaton should smile, he just won the decathlon 🙃 #Rio2016
Just thinking about  ′s closing kick. So strong, so stressful to watch! #Rio2016
OMG  ’s   is in the 800m final!!!!!!!!!!! Yesssss!!! #Rio2016
Come on  !! Make that final! #oiselle #Rio2016
Tumblr beach day was so much fun today!!
OK, I can deal with this photo of me in a bathing suit. But those running short tan lines 🙀  
More with   at the beach!   Rockaway Beach, NYC  
In case you missed me yesterday…  
With   at the beach!   Rockaway Beach, NYC  
RIP  
👍  
This car ride is buzzy  
This is huge! 👏  
This is my team at work driving to the beach. Photo via  ’s selfie stick  
It's really annoying that I've started getting tons of blisters between my toes from running. This has never happened to me before :/
The PATH conductor this morning was super pleasant!

“Good morning, welcome aboard! 33rd St service. Have a good day!”
At least I cut myself three times while shaving my legs this morning
Holy shit! American women sweep the podium for the 100 hurdles! 👏🏿💪🏿🙌🏿 #Rio2016  
So good!  
No 200m final for Gatlin! #Rio2016
That cookie was so good I had to hold back tears when it was over
Really? This 10 CP horsea is gonna give me ‘tude? #PokemonGo
I honestly believe Trump and his campaign truly believe all the polls are lying. That’s the sad part.  
This whole Lochte story has been 🍌🍌🍌 from the start  
This is a fact statement  
I got called "a real life Juwanna Mann" in the comments for The Spectrum show. That's a first.
I'll be on  's The Spectrum today at 2 talking about being a trans athlete. I'll probably be super awk  
Got some sweet Tumblr shades   Tumblr  
Adopt a black cat! #BlackCatAppreciationDay  
YES KATE GRACE!!!! #Rio2016  
It’s so stressful to watch   race because she waits until so late in the race to make moves #Rio2016
Alright,  ’s heat! Wooo! #oiselle #Rio2016
It’s   time!!! Crush that 800m, girl! #Rio2016
Ooof. Sending you the biggest healing vibes  . #Rio2016  
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 4 secs and felt good. Hitting a 10k PR in a 9-mile training run?    
This! Right here, this!  
I saw a new stray cat in the park on my run today and I wanted to take it home with me
I have literally slipped on a banana peel before. My life is a cartoon. #bibchat  
A6: Bananas.

Yeah, that’s right, I said it! #bibchat  
A5: I wear sunglasses to keep the sun out of my eyes #bibchat  
American women have been crushing it in track events this Olympics! #Rio2016
A2: Peeing in my shorts mid-run on a sweaty day 🙃😳 #bibchat  
Well, looks like no internet or TV/Olympics tonight thanks to who knows what problem with FiOS. I guess there are…books?
I’m starting to develop Stockholm syndrome with this   hold music
Oh! So much better!  
I’m more excited by the consolidation of three boutique fitness studios down to one gym 🤑  
GOOD! Two seasons too many, if you ask me.

Which, if you’re cis, you probably did at some point.  
Yes, NYC, that was me sprinting across 5th at 22nd in a short dress and sandals to make the light with 0 seconds left #everydayexcusestorun
The best thing about The Leftovers (the pop punk band) is it's a party in your ears every time
The beer selection at Tumblr HQ is on point right now
Earth is over, y'all.

We had a run  
I just found out "uppity" is racist. I had no idea! Really glad I found out from Google and not from using it and getting called out
And Google continues its march towards making messaging worse instead of better  
To the construction worker who started singing to me while I was waiting at a light after my run,I hope yr face loses a fight w/a jackhammer
I am here for this  
This is worth a read even if you don’t care about running  
This video is amazing    
Discussing important things in the Tumblr types-of-bread slack channel.   is fired.  
oh, ok  
#runger is killing me right now. The WORST part of marathon training.
My training last week: 6 workouts for 43.04 mi and 4160 calories burned  
Being trans on this planet isn't even close to safe, but does ANYONE actually have a source for "1 in 12 chance of being murdered" stat?
Halfway to Chicago Marathon training check-in    
GREAT RACE  ! Congrats on your bronze medal! Heck yes! #Rio2016
OH SHIT! EMMA FUCKING COBURN!!! COME ON! SNAG THAT SILVER! #Rio2016
Yeah  !!! Get it! #Rio2016
Even my computer doesn’t want to wake up today  
I love this photo of the three of them  
I love this photo of the three of them  
Such a great Olympics so far. Phelps. Ledecky. Manuel. Biles. Bolt. Linden, Flanagan, Cragg. #Rio2016
Holy crap, Bolt. So freaking fast! #Rio2016. #UsainBolt
Track and field wraps up for the night so much earlier than swimming &amp; gymnastics.This is helpful for those of us who wake up early #Rio2016
I looked away from the TV for literally a second and all of a sudden this 1500 got blisteringly fast #Rio2016
I hate when commentators call athletes brave or courageous. They work and push hard, but running a race isn’t brave. #Rio2016
Will be actively rooting against the American in the men’s 100m final tonight because fuck cheaters. #Rio2016 #cleansport
I couldn’t be more proud to be part of staff every day. We are the weirdest company ever.  
#FirstSevenLanguages 

HTML
Basic
C++
PHP
SQL
JavaScript
Java
I’ve never heard of this site before, but they put me on the same list as Blaire White so that’s…a thing.  
US doesn’t dominate marathon like it does the pool. Not medaling doesn’t mean our women weren’t amazing #Rio2016  
And they were finishing with huge smiles even with places in the 120s  
Ran 4 miles in 34 mins and felt great. Recovery effort, not recovery time. 92º and a "feels like" of 102º,   
“Man, I love the marathon. What a stupid event.” - me while warming up and watching the remaining women finish #Rio2016
Ugh. 🏃🔥💀⚰️  
Time to go melt outside on my own run. But while I have everyone’s attention, change gears &amp; take a moment to skim through #BeingTransMeans
Great race all around! So proud of everyone! ❤️ #Rio2016
Where is Cragg? Are all three Americans still in position to be top 10? #Rio2016
So, you see how these women are running right now? That’s how I plan to look in Chicago in two months. LOLOLOLOLOLOL 😂😂😂🙃 #Rio2016
Why a 180º turn like that in the last two miles?!? WTF IS THIS COURSE?! #Rio2016
It’s like the made this course, realized it was short, and had to add some goofy ass turns to make up some distance #Rio2016
This stretch of the course looks rough. Lots of tight turns #Rio2016
They referred to   as running like a “bouncy ball.” No. She’s running steady. The lead pack is not. #Rio2016
Holy shit, commentators!   hasn’t been off the pace. She’s running exactly the steady pace she wants #Rio2016
Meanwhile back in NJ, I'm not looking forward to my run after this is over #Rio2016  
They act like   was dropped because she couldn’t hang. She’s one of the most strategic-for-the-long-haul runners there #Rio2016
The problem with watching marathons is you’re tense, nervous, and stressed for 2.5 hours instead of just a few seconds or minutes #Rio2016
Yeah,  ,  , and   are all looking great right now #Rio2016
That’s how she runs. She knows what she’s doing. #Rio2016  
Gotta be careful with a woman commentating on a running event, her uterus might fall out #Rio2016  
Hi  , some of us want to see every fucking moment of the marathon. Please split screen when showing other shit. #Rio2016
How did I get out front? Where am I? What am I doing?!  
Commentators talking about Desi, “I suspect she knows what she’s doing.” She knows exactly what she’s doing, dude. #Rio2016
Look at   out in front there #Rio2106
I love  , but I’m really really pulling for   today #marathon #Rio2016
If you don’t care about the marathon or Olympics at all, I’m going to assume you’ve already muted me, but if not mute #Rio2016
They’re off!!! #Rio2016
Marathon for everything. Marathon every day.  
This Gatlin segment is total doping apologism. Dopers should be banned for life. No excuses. Period. #Rio2016
The women’s marathon! The women’s marathon! 

This is my favorite event. This is what I’e been waiting for. #Rio2016
  this about sums up Pokémon recently
All the medals for all the Simones #Rio2016
Let’s go Simone!!! Bring it home! #Rio2016
Simone Manuel with another medal!!!! #Rio2016
If you want to win at the Olympics: smoke weed, be named Simone, or get tripped #Rio2016
That’s what you get for trying to elbow   out of the way, Tanui. You get smoked at the finish. #Rio2016
Let’s go  ! #Rio2016
Looks like   is itching to make moves #Rio2016
Just hanging out back there. Might as well hand him a beer to relax with. #Rio2016  
Someone forgot to tell the women yesterday that this is how a 10,000 typically starts #Rio2016
I would be 100% okay with a cis person playing me in a movie if that cis person was Aubrey Plaza  
Trump is literally laying the ground work to try to take this election by force. Literally that’s what he’s doing.  
I was just wondering about this while running today  
Pack it up, folks. This woman has already won today.  
Reminder that   literally refers to trans people’s genitals as “alarms”  
Oh, Justin Gatlin is racing now. Fucking cheating ass cheater. #Rio2016
Ran 15 miles in 2 hours and 11 mins and felt great. Shockingly great long run today! Starting at 80º with    
This is how I recover from a long run  
Bob Costas: we go now to the men’s 400m…
Me: Wait, men are still a thing?
I legit don’t know if this is real or not, which means it’s close enough to reality that it doesn’t matter much  
And we've reached the part of the week where I do a gif search for "bugs bunny starship troopers"
Damn. Huge bummer. #USWNT is still great though. ❤️  
Best poll  
These days it's just so hard to believe this was done without doping :( #Rio2016  
That was such a weird 10,000 race. #Rio2016
There are so many women on the track and so much lapping, I can't even keep track of who is where. #womens10k #Rio2016
I can't with this #womens10k  pace. Ridiculous! #Rio2016
I could watch these women run all day long. So mesmerizing. #womens10k #Rio2016
Who the fuck is this guy doing discus?!? GET HIM OFF THE SCREEN! SHOW ME THE FUCKING 10,000 YOU FUCKS   #rio2016
No YOU have the women’s 10,000m streaming on two monitors at your desk! #Rio2016 

(Love that they’re not in sync)  
Women's 10,000 time!!!! GET READY EVERYONE! #Rio2016
👏 🌳🌱🌿🍃🌺🌻👏  
If you’re constantly being misinterpreted, maybe your words aren’t actually “the best“  
You say this like you can just snap your fingers. That’d have been so much easier!  
You say this like you can just snap your fingers. That’d have been so much easier!  
God, I’m so fucking tired of being told how to “be safe” while men get a pass for being the reason I need to be safe 🖕
So if this is what #runchat is, telling women it’s their problem, I’m done with it. I won’t stand for that.  
I know first hand how men are when women aren’t in the room. Mostly either misogynists or cowards  
The “conversations” should be telling men to call out their fellow men when they are misogynistic &amp; make light of it  
The “conversations” are never directed at men to stand the fuck up and have the slightest bit of guts to fight it.  
The “conversations” say in passing that we shouldn’t have to take these steps and then go ahead place onus on them  
These “conversations” tell men it’s not for them to worry about and it’s women’s problem to deal with.  
Constantly telling us what to do to be safe is what is dangerous. It’s passing the accountability and onus to us.  
No. It’s not dangerous. Women already know safety tips because we live them every minute of every day.  
Just posted a photo   North River Lobster Co  
I’m on a boat again. It’s gonna be lit.
I'm literally walking  
*coworker gives edit permissions to everyone for Google spreadsheet*

*nanosecond goes by*

*the bee movie script appears in spreadsheet*
I saw someone else write a piece that said it was sexist against men by assuming they're all rapists/murders and f that
THIS piece by   nails it! -&gt; "The Problem Is Not Women Running Alone"    
delete your account  
Is   down or is it just me?
I’ve been embracing this lately and dreaming about the big payoff this fall from working hard in this heat/humidity  
“This humidity is KILLING me, I can barely breathe. I need to slow down my last mile a ton.”

*runs 12 seconds faster*

¯\_(ツ)_/¯

#runchat
Made a river of sweat through my apartment after I walked in from my run
Absolutely this! It’s exhausting.  
Aloria is a big reason why I started being more open about mine  
Can we give it up for    for a moment? She toughed out the rest of that volleyball game w/what is likely whiplash #Rio2016
🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕  
Women are so fucking great and amazing.

No context needed.
Mohonk is AMAZING beyond belief. Tumblr engineering takes a yearly trip there &amp;it's the best    
I would love to know why I'm in such a bad, angry at everyone mood today. I've got no rational reason for it that I can figure out. Ugh. 🔪
The Olympics are pretty cool, but they'd be great if not for IOC and NBC
Oh, this song is really, really good  
Hi  , I'm sorry I was a jerk to you today. It was uncalled for.
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 3 mins and 6 secs and felt great. 95% humidity couldn't stop me today. Don't    
I’ve been seeing this a ton. If you don’t show me content, you don’t get to show me an ad!  
Can confirm the double pee thing as something I didn’t have to do *before*  
That’s what you get for being a cocky ass le Clos #Rio2016
I make this typo 100% of the time I try to type marathon  
Tumblr movie night again! This time it’s Heathers!
Honestly can't decide if  's campaign is actually an elaborate The Aristocrats joke or an IRL The Producers. Has to be one
It seems like   couldn't stand the attention being off him and on the Olympics so he needed a new controversy. Sad!
Honestly, I'm more surprised it took this long for Trump to suggest someone shoots Clinton.  
Why do trans athletes always end up next to a Kardashian when we do something newsworthy?    
I have pizza regret which is the worst kind of regret
Olaf is fine. He's a little annoying, but he's endearing and full of love.  
DO IT! #runDisney races are SO MUCH FUN! And STAR WARS! #StarWarsHalf  
I registered when it opened for AP holders. Everyone should register and come run with me! #StarWarsHalf #runDisney  
He thinks he's winning?  
Ran 5.01 miles in 40 mins and felt great. Just felt all kinds of great out there this morning. Miles ticke   
If I get murdered while running &amp;the news refers to me as a jogger I'm going to come back from the grave cut someone  
Pass!  
You only look at someone like le Clos looks at Phelps when you want to fuck them #Rio2016
Yes, Lilly! Best that fucking cheater! #Rio2016
Lilly throwing mad shade with those looks #Rio2016
Just saw this Nike commercial with   during #Rio2016 coverage! HELL YEAH! ❤️👏👊💪🚴🏃  
I mean, you almost have to be impressed at this level of play right here. He really dug deep for this one. 👏  
👏 👏stop👏changing👏our👏fucking👏flight👏times
👏👏👏  
I wish I could say I didn't have to do this from time to time  
Well, Jet was great while it lasted. RIP.  
The rugby stream just showed some woman in the crowd picking her wedgie and adjusting her shorts. And a shirtless man.
If you're writing an article about a trans person before/after transition and it reads like two different people, you probably fucked it up
How I'll be working today  
It's #InternationalCatDay?!? Why didn't anyone tell me! I'm not wearing any of my cat apparel!
I also have dreams that they discovered a mistake and my entire high school class has to go back…15 years later  
Why is it the only people I see getting up to give their seats to pregnant women on the   are other women? Never men.
When you’re   is taking forever to dissolve after your run and you’re thirsty  
*checks weather for run*

“Looks like it’s cool enough that I should wear a shirt. Ugh.”
*checks weather for run*

“Looks like it’s cool enough that I should wear a shirt. Ugh.”
No, Siri, YOU’RE supposed to wake ME up  
That Phelps turn #Rio2016
A6: Oops. #runchat  
I guess it’s going to be two more weeks of not enough sleep because of #Rio2016
A5: Simple water all day,   immediately following my run #runchat  
A4: 5:30am alarms :( #runchat  
A2: Meb. Shalane, Des, Molly Huddle, Kate Grace…wait, did I have to pick just one? #runchat  
Ledecky is a freaking machine #Rio2016
A1: Not a track event, but most looking forward to the marathon. Because of course #runchat  
Hi #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City!  
Yikes  
But it’s easy to not eat/drink too much when you’re wearing a dress that’s too snug to allow for any bloating
Parties on Sundays are rough
I’ve never really understood rugby before. It just looks like soccer + football + murder.
Got this dress 4yrs ago in Stockholm before I transitioned.Never fit nearly well enough to actually wear.Until today  
This women’s cycling finish is making me tense #Rio2016
While you’re watching the Olympics this year, keep this in mind  
Welp, can’t top that  
I struggled through 13.1 miserable miles yesterday and then today I have no slow on my recovery run. Figures. #runchat
#sportsbrasquad  
A Women's Guide To Changing A Tire  
No YOU’RE taking spoonfuls of peanut butter and dipping them into chocolate chips
I fixed this by changing my gender ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Not good enough.  
We have a town troubadour in Jersey City  
I can’t even handle how cute this is  
.  and I are the same…except she’s a whole lot faster. #Rio2016    
#USWNT ❤️❤️❤️  
Realized I forgot two. I was also a dishwasher at a local restaurant and a box mover for a document scanning company.
#firstsevenjobs 

fast food worker
landscaper
retail cashier
retail receipt checker
video store manager
fast food worker
waitress
How is this still a thing men think is okay to do?

(don’t answer that)  
Something to look forward to when I'm older and crankier  
Twitter suspended   right quick, but lets harassers, stalkers, and those who make threats hang around. Got it.
This cycling course is no joke #Rio2016
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 54 mins and felt tired. Fuck this run. Fuck this run. Fuck this run. SO humid!

I go   
Getting a late start on my long run today. Ugh.
Go fuck yourself   /    
I mean, look at  . A national treasure  
I'm going to miss   😢😢😢   Tumblr  
Oh fuck, how did this happen? This is a problem. I have a problem.  
Oops. #runDisney #runchat  
It’s cute that IOC thinks they can successfully ban gifs of the Olympics
Gruber getting a little risqué at the end of this one  
👏don't👏let👏your👏guard👏down  
So Seth Rogen is going to be at my office today  
Ran 5.01 miles in 38 mins and felt great. Holy crap! Can't even remember my last 7:10 split before today. Just a    
I can put my hair in a ponytail without needing bobbypins which, while convenient, means it’s too damn long
Any time I bring up “the cover” for any reason I pause and wonder how many people are thinking “holy shit, we get it! Stop bragging!”
A4: I love my thin black and rainbow ones. Here’s me wearing the black one #SparklySoulFive    
Seriously the best headbands for runners!  
Boobies boobies boobies  
Tumblr movie night with   presenting Valley of the Dolls!  
.  's doctor updated the gender fields on their intake forms. So thorough!  
Ran 7.01 miles in 55 mins and felt great. Started off feeling eh, but kept feeling better and better with each mi   
Oh wow, that really sums it up  
Bad news: My   is stuck because of a broken train ahead of us

Good news: We’re at the one stop where I have cell service
Oh my gosh, this would make me so happy to see  
I love how one rest day and I feel like I haven’t run in a week
A6: Mostly being stubborn #bibchat  
A5: Seeing faster paces and feeling better while doing it. Harder efforts that somehow feel easy. #bibchat  
A4: Probably paying attention to it at all? #bibchat  
A3: Been saying this a lot recently, but people think hydration is reactive. You have to be proactive! #bibchat  
A2: Probably could use fewer tank tops and shorts in my drawer. I have a problem. #bibchat  
A1: Generally, I’m good at hydration as a lifestyle. I’m constantly downing water all day #bibchat  
She stole my taco Tuesday snap  
It's not rare for   and I to be planning two Disney World trips at a time, but we might add a third to the mix now 😳
I'm speechless by how many jokes I want to make about this.

Millennials Confirm That Sex Is No Longer Cool  
Six months post-op update    
I've recently started running in just a sports bra a lot recently and SO MUCH THIS!    
LADY RUNNER EMOJI!!!! THIS IS NOT A DRILL, FOLKS! FINALLY! 

Yeah, I'm more excited about this than I should be.  
My training last week: 6 workouts for 40.33 mi and 3962 calories burned  
My training last week: 6 workouts for 40.33 mi and 3962 calories burned  
Here's How Homophobic, Sexist and Racist Each US State Really Is   via    
So I guess it's August now?
In the last 30 hours, I’ve weighed myself five times: 128.8, 133.0, 134.8, 134.0, 137.0

So much fluctuation
#BragTime Nailed training this month and racked up my highest mileage in 2016. #runchat  
A6: It’s not something I actively think about. I don’t get bored while running very often. #runchat  
A5: That I’m great at negative splitting training runs #runchat  
A4c: I’d like my Garmin to automatically catch Pokémon for me while I run #runchat  
A4b:I’d also love a physical button on Apple Watch for stopping an activity.Screen doesn’t work when sweaty #runchat  
A4: My feature request is fewer superfluous features #runchat  
A3: Being able to track progress let’s me know what is working and what isn’t #runchat  
A2: Most apps have cluttered interfaces that make getting to what you actually want overly cumbersome #runchat  
Q1: DailyMile is my source of truth for run data, but I also sync to Garmin Connect and Strava #runchat  
Amelia from Jersey City here. August is all about crushing training for #chimarathon. #runchat  
If there was an Olympics for bullshit, this might win a gold medal in the Justifying Not Paying Athletes event  
I've closed about 50 browser tabs today. This is the most productive day of my life.
I ran 159mi in July. Second highest mileage since May 2015. Only December was higher at 161. I have 187 planned for August #runchat #bibchat
“The Path to World War III”
“In Hitler’s Footsteps”
“Putin’s Pal”
“Treason”
“America’s Final Years”  
Zzzzz  
The laziest of Sundays  
Whyyyyy so much humid out there

Even running four miles was hell
If you deeply hate Hillary Clinton you should read this sometime before November.  
What the heck? 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕   🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕  
I ate so much Thai food I’m having trouble breathing. Fuck.
Currently have one toe with two blisters on it (I NEVER get blisters) and four black toenails. Runner feet are gross. #runchat
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 54 mins and felt alright. Nothing like 13 miles of feeling like you're going    
The words of a man who truly cares about what he's doing  
For the first time ever, a transgender woman addressed the DNC. 👏👏👏  
I had the kind of night last night where I had to send a msg to our CTO this morning saying I hope I wasn't weird  
Yikes.  
26 Facts You Probably Didn’t Know About Netflix’s “Stranger Things”   via    
If you want a Google Sheet totally ruined with nonsense, let Tumblr staff access it
Sharing  's comment without context :)  
&lt;insert series of scathing subtweets here&gt;
Yeah, I think I'mma be into this  
Wearing a wind-prone dress on a boat tonight.I have shorts for under,but I'm wearing DarthVader undies so may let coworkers have a free show
Ran 6.2 miles in 50 mins and felt tired. I thought my legs were tired yesterday, but today was even worse!   
100% of the men riding bikes that I passed on my run this morning harassed me. 

I’m not even being hyperbolic. 3 for 3.
This whole thread.  
“Don’t boo, vote!” -   #DemsInPhilly
Peak Aloria?
I am excite!  
So   just described my twitter presence as "running, trans stuff, food, cats, general complaining"
This is absolutely what you do when you're making rational and well thought-out decisions  
Basically, yeah  
Good thing I ran 8 milled this morning!  
So people want to elect a man who is telling Russia to hack the US government? 👌  
I now have a Mal Reynolds to add to my desk decorations thanks to  !  
#TheDNCIn5Words Not a circus like RNC
#TheDNCIn5Words Many emotional and powerful speeches
#TheDNCIn5Words Transphobia called out during primetime
We had a screening of this at Tumblr and it was really good!

  was not a fan, however.  
Ran 8 miles in 1 hour and 5 mins and 22 secs and felt blah. Mostly garbage, but I knew going into this run   
All other things aside, Bill Clinton is great at speaking #DemsInPhilly
A1: I get terrible thigh chafing when temps are 45°-55° #bibchat  
Why is the ‘i’ key such a bully on the iPhone keyboard? So many typos because of it
When you hear transphobia called out on the stage of a major party’s convention. #DemsInPhilly
So powerful and important #MothersOfTheMovement #BlackLivesMatter #DemsInPhilly
Whoa  
Yup, I got choked up watching this.  
This is great  
"Hey everyone I accidentally ordered a bunch of pizza if you need a snack" was just sent to our whole New York office #pizzaparty
Hoping Bernie supporters can see how much they’ve influenced the entire party’s platform for the better. That is a HUGE win. #DemsInPhilly
Getting up to run at 5:30 tomorrow is gonna be rough.

I miss sleeping.
Some of the Bernie supporters there look like their dog just died. It’s gonna be okay, y’all! Keep fighting for Bern’s ideas! #DemsInPhilly
Took a while to get there. Was starting to worry he was gonna Cruz out on us #DemsInPhilly
Okay, Bernie, pretty much the fate of the world depends on you being able to get your followers on board right now #DemsInPhilly
How could anyone watch anything from #RNCinCLE and then watch that   speech and still think Trump should be President #DemsInPhilly
Imagine the year 2024 and we just elected Obama as President after eight years of Clinton after eight years of Obama
Holy shit  
My training last week: 6 workouts for 39.32 mi and 3881 calories burned  
In other news, I heard the word "ebitda" so many times today
Bernie supporters who are voting for Trump never liked Bernie for his beliefs/policies
This is literally Trump's America in a nutshell.White bigots throwing a hissy fit when they don't get what they want  
This is literally Trump's America in a nutshell.White bigots throwing a hissy fit when they don't get what they want  
I think   is trying to kill me today
GET YOUR FUCKING SHIT TOGETHER AMERICA.

SERIOUSLY.  
Sooner or later, Verizon owns everything
I woke up to:
- transphobes &amp; nazis harassing my friends online
- another mass shooting
- Verizon officially buying my employer

Too much.
I play music in my head, visualize race day, think through things that are on my mind #runchat  
Get out there EARLY! #runchat  
Hi #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Started running in 2008!  
I started playing #PokemonGo and I’m so disappointed in myself. I blame   and Thursday night’s Tumblr femgineer dinner
Pretty sure the creepiest people I know are   and  
Pizza for three straight meals because carbs ❤️🍕❤️
😳😬😖😍🍸😀😎😜  
Just doing my thing   Liberty State Park  
The egg makes it breakfast  
Getting a late start for my run was less than desireable, but working on a breaking issue at work until 1am last night didn’t help either
What? Why? No.  
This doesn’t make sense at all.  
Nothing like being paged for a broken thing at work to turn your Saturday night into a party
The problem with ordering pizza is the time between ordering and it showing up
Wishing there wasn’t a parade going down my street right now
I remember watching this live!  
Spironolactone sucked, but I’ll miss the excess potassium it leaves in your body. Helpful for running!  #legcramps #gimmeanavocado
Finished Stranger Things. Need more.
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 55 mins and felt blah. Wow, that sucked! 13.1 miles on a day that's supposed    
That run sucked every dick in the galaxy
Not thrilled about getting up at 5:30 tomorrow morning to try to beat as much of the heat as I can for my run
Yes. Please. PLEASE PICK WARREN!

Just imagine  
This might actually be true  
Even the balloons don’t want anything to do with this #RNCinCLE
If nothing else scares you about Trump, this should #RNCinCLE  
I don’t think respect means what Trump thinks it does #RNCinCLE
Because JavaScript is unfixable, even in Trump’s fantasy world  
Was Trump struggling to remember the letters in LGBTQ? #RNCinCLE
Trump “humbly” accepts?! He’s never been humble about anything. Ever. #RNCinCle
1) This doesn't make it any better
2) If his aim is that bad, then maybe he shouldn't be firing a gun
3) Bullshit.  
I just donated to   to support gender neutral single-stall restrooms and you should too!  
I tried to get my way by saying "wouldn't you rather give me what I want rather than listen to me complain all day?"

It did not work
You know you're a true runner when you read this &amp; you can't understand why anyone would even think about giving up  
Ppl are like "there are other things to focus on besides the nazi salute." No shit but ppl didn't pay attention to shit and now here we are
Yikes! -&gt; Trump Yourself- What has Donald Trump said about people like you? -   #TrumpYourself  
I saw a house centipede this morning &amp; like why do we even have cats?! We have a deal: we give them food, they kill bugs! They have ONE JOB!
When I was growing up Republicans were mostly just selfish jerks. Now they’re trying to be the Fourth Reich. #RNCinCLE
Ran 6.2 miles in 49 mins and felt great. First sub-8 min/mile run in exactly six months! The second half o   
I saw  's doppelganger this morning. Legit thought it was Joe for a minute.
I’m sure Republicans will treat him the same way they’ve treated Clinton for breaking the law  
Yup. That’s it. Just SJWs being triggered. Not literal nazi salutes or anything  
There used to be a time when calling the GOP the party of Hitler was hyperbole. Not anymore. #RNCinCLE  
If you're on the iOS 10 beta and don't like having to press the home button to unlock, this setting works in beta 3  
Seriously, one flight of stairs and I'm like about to die  
TIL  
Sometimes I get stuck on a block of code I can't get working and start to question if I even know anything at all
So this severely discourages the UK from ever actually invoking Article 50, right?  
Whoa, very diff   13.1 course!

I recently got the idea that maybe I want to run both the 13.1 &amp; 26.2  
But if a Democrat plagiarized a Republican's speech Trump would be losing his shit demanding their resignation  
If this happened at the DNC, the GOP would probably say it's a sign from god #RNCinCLE  
Soon-to-be Tumblr product manager   wrote this GREAT piece about diversity in tech  
Ghostbusters was fantastic and   was a shit bag and should have been banned sooner. #howtodestroyyourmentionsinonetweet
Ghostbusters was fantastic and   was a shit bag and should have been banned sooner. #howtodestroyyourmentionsinonetweet
Passed   &amp;   on my run this morning and they were FLYING! Of course, I didn't realize it was them until after we passed
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 4 mins and 56 secs and felt good. Faster overall than last week's 8-miler, bu   
Why would you speak more about your opponent than your own candidate?

Oh, right, I know why  
I would wear this shirt  
Imagine if they took harassment seriously and did this when he first started harassing people  
A5: Everyone already knows my answer is eating #bibchat  
A4: There has to be flexibility in your immediate goals. Adjust them &amp; play the long game for the big goals #bibchat  
A2: Asleep by 10:30 so I can get up at 5:30 to run. #bibchat  
A1: Remind myself there will be other races&amp; I don’t want to have to explain to the internet that I gave up #bibchat  
Hi #bibchat! I’m Amelia from NJ. Not sure how much of the hour I’ll be sticking around for, but here’s me as a dog  
I guess this is why I saw flags at half mast today  
Just applied for a verified Twitter account. It’s really weird to argue I’m a notable person. I’m narcissistic, but not that narcissistic.
Dessert!   Downtown Yogurt  
Taco Tuesday jalapeño margarita   SOUTH HOUSE Bar &amp; Restaurant  
Zero chance Melania's plagiarism was unknown prior to giving that speech.Just shows how much the GOP thinks what women say matters #RNCinCLE
What teacher is   going to ask? He tried to get rid of them all in NJ  
I had a bagel, but the problem is that I don't have another bagel
It’s almost like #RNCinCLE planned Melania’s speech as a distraction so they could say all the awful shit they wanted w/o being called on it
I see the Trumps went for the the buy one get one free plagiarism deal. Good choice!  
I asked   about Gravity Falls. He knows how to sell me on things.  
Watched #StrangerThings over #RNCinCLE tonight because I prefer fictional horror.
#TheInternetIn4Words Annoying ass white men
The streets are literally filled with shit at #RNCinCLE, but it’s trans people whose bathroom use needs regulation  
🌮🌮🌮  
This is great  
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
My training last week: 5 workouts for 33.24 mi and 3273 calories burned  
What is happening to Leslie Jones on Twitter right now? Fuuuuucking christ.

  ❤️❤️❤️
It's super cool how you'll just be cruising through a few weeks relatively stress-free and then BAM a dozen big stressors hit you at once
I think I just got mansplained to about rating the quality of my runs on DailyMile?

Wut?
What a damn mess
I’m glad I’m not the only one who got a very ET vibe from #StrangerThings
This is basically how I learned everything I know  
We're like 15 minutes into   on   and  's takeaway so far is that she wishes she lived in 1983
I have a size S pair of   Mac Rogas that fit *perfectly*. Anyone know what numbered size I should go for?
The problem with Flixtape is they changed the wrong part of the word. Shouldn't it be Flixmix?  
I think I see an Asian woman in there? Maybe?

Geez, that's a lot of white people.  
Literally had this experience today. I had no idea which horrible thing was the reason.  
#NationalIceCreamDay  
Woof.  
I ate too much delicious Mexican food
And I love how this world is so fucked that before I tweeted that, I had to check to make sure nothing awful happened in the last 2 hours
Ghostbusters.
It's pretty powerful to be able to stand in front of a mirror in just your underwear as a transgender woman and say "fuck, I look amazing!"
I wish I was better at making   slushees. I never get the water:ice ratio right.
Ran 11 miles in 1 hour and 36 mins and felt blah. Running is dumb. This run started off feeling great, but   
Why does  /  think I traveled a week into the future on my run? And this isn't even today's run.  
I was enjoying Difficult People on Hulu until the latest episode got all transphobic 🖕🖕🖕
I've never seen anything better in my life  
Amelia Gapin: The Girl Who Cried Gender
Looks like the T is fucking the P which is probably v accurate  
I always say I want to travel more,but I suck at making it happen.These IFTTT recipes from   should help  
Voting Green "on Principle"   via  
Tumblr movie night this month is Being There hosted by    
Second lunch. Oops.
My coworker has spent hundreds of dollars buying candy to give out around the office  
I'm feeling all kinds of body positivity today. How can I bottle this up for a rainy day?
I'm a cat pusher  
Same. The whole "insta" part of Instagram is kind of important to the experience.  
I don't even hate email so much as it's that every single email client is complete garbage.
Ran 6.2 miles in 49 mins and felt great. So damn humid, but another great run! I'm really finding my strid   
Long ass cold shower, the kind where you both wash you hair and shave your legs, and I’m still sweating from my run. Ugh. #runchat #bibchat
Spent my afternoon at a really amazing talk about implicit bias at Yahoo’s NYC office. Everyone on Earth should have to learn this stuff.
Great shit  
Great shit  
Hi  / , why not have just a text field?  
I guess I'm registering for   this year, but if I load that registration form and   fucked up gender again, I'm out
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 5 mins and 9 secs and felt great. Whoa, this run was amazing! Best I've had i   
If Reese’s were fewer calories I’d probably eat them by the bag
Someone who’s had a profound influence on my adult life beyond what most would understand may be pro-Trump.  
Remember when this guy totally missed Beyonce's point?  
How could anything called #RoadToBurrito possibly be bad?  
I wish today wasn't a running rest day.
Why does picking a place to get lunch always turn into an existential crisis?
It's my friend  's birthday! 👏💃💅👟🎂🍰☕️🍴🎁🎊🎉❤️
Actually crime has been on the decline. STOP INCITING FEAR YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE PIECE OF SHIT  
Keep Christ is Amazon #PrimeDay
It's true, making new friends in your 30s is hard  
I guess adulthood means calendar invites for meeting someone at the bar for a drink after work
I assume everyone can tell just by taking one look at me and then just go about my business  
Better headline: Shitbag   is a Bigoted Shitbag  
It seems   thinks all we do here is shitpost  
Worst thing about being a runner is being hungry ALL THE TIME
oh. my. god. why did I look at #blacklivesdontmatter. I know I shouldn't be surprised by this, but holy fuck
Legit concern  
Twitter bot talking about needing to talk about Twitter bots  
My training last week: 5 workouts for 32.24 mi and 3202 calories burned  
This gif is great  
Hi  , this is your party. How’s that working out?  
I need to eat this ASAP  
Random reminder that I am very strongly pro Oxford comma
Sandals in a crowded-ass city with sore runner toes 😩😢😣🤕
A6: Always the marathon! #runchat  
A4: A Boston Marathon finisher medal. Does that count as an answer? #runchat  
These #TrackTown16 finishes tonight
That 1500m finish. Damn. #TrackTown16
I’ve tried to check out #PokemonGo, but every time I open it I get this.Guess I’ll go back to not caring about games  
Nothing worries me more than when my code works the first time. It just means my mistakes are hidden deeper  
Ran 11.01 miles in 1 hour and 35 mins and felt alright. Would have been okay if I didn't have sunscreeny s   
Please watch this video  
Winning #pixiehacks teams!  
I did a presentation at #pixiehacks about using gifs and selfies to review pull requests. So much fun here today!  
.  at   HQ  
Me: Going to start a new TV show for you, So You Think You Can Snark
 : I don't think I can. I know I can.
Walked into the kitchen to find this scene with  . So many cats.  
What a headline    
this taco is a real pain in the eggplant
I have no coffee and there is none to be made in this house and that is not good
Except the internet is also what brings marginalized ppl together in times like this. And TV news can’t be trusted.  
Stop for a moment and think about the fact that we live in a world in which this article has to exist  
But last night was the time to plaster an innocent black man’s face all over as a suspect?  
Imagine waking up and there wasn’t news of something totally awful happening while you were asleep. #banallguns
Non-runners are always like “you’ve run 8 marathons?! Wow!” but none of that’s even in the same ballpark as how hard surgery recovery’s been
Union Square right now #AltonSterling #PhilandoCastile  
NYC ppl, there's a protest to #StopPoliceTerror in Union Square. #BlackLivesMatter #AltonSerling #PhilandoCastile   
Second lunch because #runger
We just celebrated  's birthday by dropping eggs off the roof. Few survived.
Debating whether I want to go to Grace Hopper this year or not. It won't cost me anything, but so much is wrong with GHC :/
Ran 6.21 miles in 52 mins and felt alright. So stinking humid this morning. Just a sports bra and Oiselle    
He didn't "screw up," HE MURDERED SOMEONE. COMPASSION AIN'T BRINGING #PhilandoCastile BACK FROM THE DEAD  
Woke up to the news of yet another black person murdered by the police. This white supremacy must stop. #BlackLivesMatter #FalconHeights
Casablanca tonight! I love our neighborhood! (  Films in Van Vorst in Jersey City, NJ)  
Total bullshit by the USOC.

Everything about the Olympics is broken and wrong.  
This won’t break any software at all. Nope.  
If that's what I looked like on testosterone, my life would've been a hell of a lot easier  
#IfMyVaginaWereASandwich  
   
   
This. This! THIS!

Fewer messaging services. Fewer notifications. Please!  
A4: Anything related to consistently doing strength work. I'm terrible anything that's not just running. #bibchat  
Why, Apple? Why do I have to reset my watch to pair it with a phone that was restored from backup (same phone)? 🖕  
Getting an iPhone display repaired while running the iOS 10 beta is a complete nightmare. #betalife
Ghost pepper curry with scorpion pepper flakes and my face is melting off. #thisisalliaskforinlife
.   &amp; I need a new show to binge. We like OITNB, House of Cards, Veep, Orphan Black, You're the Worst, Parks&amp;Rec, Awkward, etc
Things I don't want to do today:
- Shower
- Go into Manhattan to get my phone screen fixed
- Write this email
- Foam roll
Ran 7 miles in 1 hour and 38 sec and felt good. Humid run this morning, but the temperature was cool enoug   
This was more interesting than I expected!  
Awesome clouds for fireworks  
Holy shit,  ! #RoadToRio #TrackTown16 #totallytrials16
Just posted a video  
Just posted a video  
Today I had empanadas for lunch and avocado toast with fake bacon for dinner. #4thofJuly
This planet would be great if it weren’t for all the humans
This looks delicious. Gimme!  
Happy birthday, America. Let’s not fuck up in November so you can have another one
A6: When I'm completely zoned out and the miles are ticking off #runchat  
A5: Going from having major surgery to being Chicago Marathon ready without getting injured #runchat  
A4: Building mileage and strength to enable a strong spring 2017 marathon performance #runchat  
A3: I guess I have to say being on a magazine cover? But I also did my first #DopeyChallenge! #runchat  
They go out of their way to ignore that part   
It's an Olympic year so Bob Costas has come out of hibernation #RoadToRio
Anything less than a lifetime ban for doping is bullshit   
Huh??  
*sets fire to her mentions*
Look, there's is no other way to describe   as anything other than a white supremacist nazi fascist at this point.
Look at   creepin' behind me  
#GrowingUpInNewJersey is a trending hashtag?
When Hillary tweets about Sylvia Rivera. #ImWithHer  
It's wild how strong   is at the end of races. #totallytrials16 #tracktown16
Yay  ! #totallytrials16
Wish they'd stop cutting away from the 10k! #totallytrials16 #OlympicTrails #tracktown16
Same. I use it more than any other app on my phone  
Ran 10.01 miles in 1 hour and 26 mins and felt blah. Woof! All aboard the struggle bus today! A fight from beginn   
Karl Agathon, Battlestar Galactica's resident SJW ❤️
Suck it  !  
RT for reverting Tumblr back to this; like for deleting the site  
"I need to finish my rewatch of Battlestar Galactica so I can get back to making my way through Gossip Girl" - a thing I just said
Yeah, sorry, I'm not feeling this new Blink-182 album at all
On one hand, we have a four day weekend and can leave early today.

On the other hand, I'm oncall the whole time.
No day that starts with this gif can be bad  
115 miles this month. Finally getting back into the swing of things. #runchat  
At 2016 halftime, this year I:
-ran my 1st #DopeyChallenge
-got my junk rearranged
-launched a startup
-was on the cover of Women's Running
No one tell Trump that planes can fly over walls
But trans people are the ones putting others at risk  
WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH NYC  
There are a lot of trans people in the military, this is a big deal  
Welp, there it is. I think I did it better, but maybe that's just me :)  
I had too much coffee and now I can't stay awake.

(no typos in this tweet)
Looks like I need to start heading up to   for lunch  
Our recruiting efforts are working 😼  
Oh, I want this mug  
Ran 5.01 miles in 42 mins and felt good. Easy effort 5 miles on tired legs  
Google Calendar being down means NO MEETINGS TODAY!

That's how that works, right?  
Please, for the love of whatever god you may/may not believe in, do not get an  Watch for even semi-serious running  
And yet some people still can't see his fascism  
Turns out my   wasn't as dissolved as I thought. I just got a big sip of indossolved tablet. 😖
Poppin' cans of wine like yeah  
She seems like a nice friendly human being  
No no, I *tolerate* that straight ppl exist.I just don't have to accept them. Not sure what you mean by "normal" tho  
No no, I *tolerate* that straight ppl exist.I just don't have to accept them. Not sure what you mean by "normal" tho  
This is really interesting, but also not surprising.

Why stuntwomen are in more danger than men  
nsfw.  
What the ever living hell?!

Attention US-bound tourists: Social media accounts subject to inspection  
This food truck is so America.    
The humidity during my run this morning has me all messed up. My pee says I'm rehydrated, my thirst says otherwise. #bibchat #runchat
Ran 7.01 miles in 57 mins and felt great. So much humid! Still destroyed this run though! Last two miles a   
I guess it's time for a little `git stash clear` action here  
Most of the worst things in the world were/are done by straights so I guess enjoy your #HeterosexualPrideDay?
A6: Knowing how much closer it gets me to my goal #bibchat  
A4: Early this year, I went out for 15 miles, accidentally felt amazing and did 20. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #bibchat  
Great advice. Proper hydration is a lifestyle, not a task. #bibchat  
A3: It's going to feel *long*, but it's supposed to. Eventually the same distance stops feeling long #bibchat  
Whoa, that's taking it seriously  
A2: Definitely solo. Need to be able to control the pace as needed and I don't like running w/others anyway #bibchat  
#GrowingUpWithMyName  I wouldn't know
⚡️ "Explosions and gunfire reported at Istanbul Airport"

 
This is only slightly less bad than #HB2  
Just proposed a lunch and learn titled "How to take selfies your co-workers will love!"

For my qualifications, see  
Marathon! It's hard and makes you work for it. Keeps you honest!  
Anyway, I knew it was going to happen, but now I'm sharing shelf space with Caitlyn Jenner  
My personal feelings for Caitlyn Jenner aside, the copy on the cover is terrible  
WAY TO COMPLETELY MISS THE PROBLEM IN YOUR FIRST TWEET YOU BOZOS  
My amazing and beautiful wife turns 30 today! Everyone please take a moment and wish   happy birthday!  
Yes, but also    
This makes me want to write java again  
Just catching up on the SCOTUS ruling. 

Hell yeah!
A4: I literally want to eat everything in sight at all times #runchat  
A3: I get the WORST #runger! I'm terrible at controlling it. #runchat  
If people growing/changing over time is bad, why do we bother fighting for things and trying to change them?  
Episode 11. Christ.
I do this on long runs  
The lengths that   just went through to keep me from tweeting that she was prom queen are impressive
Even my purse has a fake pocket. Damn patriarchy.  
FYI I'm done with sober tweeting for the day
When   turns 30! ❤️😻😜🙌💅💃👩‍❤️‍👩🍰🎂🍦🌮🌯 #birthday  
Ran 10.01 miles in 1 hour and 25 mins and felt great. Crushed my 10 miler this morning with a big negative   
Yeah, I mean yeah.

Also, "I don't want to do a long run tomorrow wahhhh"  
Always unplug! Just me connecting to myself and my own thoughts.
#FastFriday  
Jersey City is opening a new park!  
"drop molly, get weird"

Tumblr's new vision statement
Trump is officially a parody of himself  
#Brexit is adding a lot of instability to my plans to move to Berlin when America ends. #EUref
The world may be crumbling, but I've got chicken nuggets for lunch
I literally don't know if this is about the movie or a joke about #brexit  
Same thing happens in US in votes. Most conservative states vote against the things they most benefit from.  
Yeah see, Bernie, you're gonna have to work real hard to convince your bros. We need their votes.  
What if the UK also votes to leave Epcot's World Showcase? #brexit
Never seen such a perfect metaphor before  
Too many ppl going to Mars, it'll get fucked up too. Just put me on a moon w/some food, a cat, &amp;a bottle of estrogen  
Don't worry, America, we'll get to join the fun too. Our implosion is just a few months away.
This planet is fucked. Where do I get my one-way ticket to Europa?
Same  
The line for the new Flatiron location of   is intense  
Marathon training, I guess    
I don't see why we should have anything different from this anywhere  
Coworker drops an at channel in our Slack general channel at 9:30pm and half the company jumps in to start shitposting #welcometotheshitshow
Was planning to run in the AM, but I just got home and don't foresee going to bed anytime soon
Get fucked, shitnugget  
Launch party for   on the tumblr HQ roof! #heyVINALetsParty  
Am I the only person in NYC that doesn't lose their shit over lobster rolls? #notintoit
Have never disagreed with Gruber as much as I do here.  
Ran 6.21 miles in 50 mins and felt good. Nice little pre-work 10k this morning.  
Ugh. This level of bloating is my life and I hate it and it affects how I feel about myself way too much  
My hair was on fucking point before I left the house this morning. Then I stepped into the PATH station and now I'm all sweaty
👍  
Apple Watch seems confused about the time while in nightstand mode. Both these screenshots taken right now  
A4: Eh, I've got that other thing about me to talk about all the time #bibchat  
A3: Random minor injuries that cause me to lose a week of training here&amp;there rather than being consistent #bibchat  
A1: Upset stomach on long runs #bibchat  
“The Quiet Crisis unfolding in Software Development” by Bill Jordan  
I've knocked men to the ground w/my shoulder before when they've refused to share the sidewalk. And I'm not big.  
I work for I don't even know the weirdest company ever.

 

and then go to  
I work for I don't even know the weirdest company ever.

 

and then go to  
OMG WAT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW  
Oh, heck yes! Congrats, Chris!!!  
I'm a big believer in visualizing a successful race. I regularly focus my thoughts on my goal marathon while on runs  
How about instead we start surveillance on NRA-loving Republican bigots. They're the real threat in America.  
Utterly disgusting. This country is broken.  
🚗🛥  
Curious what this person was looking for when then googled this and ended up on my blog  
Should I be concerned about the dozen hazmat suits hanging behind my desk right now?  
You'd think someone who wants to be President would be reading various briefings about the country/world  
Finally got around to writing my thoughts about the   cover!  
I love how my hair pulls off being both flat and frizzy at the same time
I'm impressed I had zero trouble waking up at 5:30 to run this morning after an awful night's sleep
This is why it's important to share many different trans experiences. We're all unique. I identify w/none of this.  
Congrats to the team that basketballed the best!
I wish all of today was as productive as the last 4.5 hours were
A3: Runner feet! Black toenails! Eek! Also, how much we talk about bodily functions. #runchat  
A2: Neither. I don't like anything covering my head. Too hot and uncomfortable. #runchat  
A1: My   Distance Shorts. I've got like six pairs of them. So good! #runchat  
Really tempted to get one of these  
Well,   got a new kitten and sent a video and now I want another cat. Can we,  ?? #catlady
16wks until #ChicagoMarathon. Training starts tomorrow and I haven't decided on a training plan yet. My body still doesn't feel ready. 😟😞😩😢🙅
Two sunny side up eggs over oatmeal covered in chili powder and scorpion pepper flakes  
Opting for Starbucks instead of good coffee because I need quantity over quality this morning. 16oz ain't gonna cut it #needatrenta
Ran 10.01 miles in 1 hour and 27 mins and felt alright. Didn't feel amazing, but still somehow struggled t   
ICYMI: I'm taking over the   Snapchat today! Check it out!
🍨🍨🍨  
Coolest looking school bus ever  
These speak to me   WORD Jersey City  
Good morning!   gave me the keys their Snapchat and I'm taking over today! Come join the fun!
Awful change in iOS 10 is you can't even try to send an iMessage when you don't have service. I always queue 'em up when underground. Ugh.
The replies to this are a treasure trove of examples of everyday life for people like me  
My hormones  
A lot of sorely needed positivity in #queerselflove! Take a few minutes to read through!
Installed the watchOS 3 beta last night.The in-workout screen changed&amp;threw me off mid-run.You gotta warn a girl before a change like that!
5th mile of my run this morning was my fastest since surgery. Felt great, but could have used more oxygen
Movie night at Tumblr HQ tonight! This time it's She-Devil!
"The only way to keep men out of women's bathrooms is to send men into women's bathrooms"  
This is an important read -&gt; “I was never raped" by Kim Saumell  
This is actually the first time I've held a physical copy!  
On a shelf  
This is the most terrifying thing.   live tweeted a Trump rally.  
Doesn't matter how smart I know I'm being when I take an unplanned rest day, I still feel guilty about not running every time
Stop praying and fix it.
Still waiting for the day when I can fix typos in my tweets
When you realize you ran `git clean -f` and accidentally deleted all your work for the last two days  
This morning required a nitro cold brew from  
A6: It's a change of pace and I'm much less likely to get hit by a car (again) #bibchat  
A2: Trails are a different headspace. More isolating (in a good way) and calm #bibchat  
A1: I'm more of a trail newb. I wish I had some near me to run. I miss them! #bibchat  
Hi #bibchat! Amelia from Jersey City here! I'll be in&amp;out. Here's the most ridic pic of me    
Jersey City!  
.   tweeted out each of the #OrlandoShooting victims. Every one of these tweets are important, each of these people mattered
I think     should verify my account right now :)
There is a minor error in the article itself, but this Jezebel article's comments are not a cesspool at all. Huh!  
Today I rotated my 13th (lucky?) pair of New Balance 1600s in and my 10th pair out. Amazing the difference   
I regret every life decision that has led to being on Perez Hilton  
You know you've made it when the DailyMail says you were born a boy in their headline    
Who actually has time to put their running clothes away? Mine just pile and hang on my dresser.  
FYI, I'm taking over  's Instagram today! Follow along!  
Read this. Remember these people. -&gt; These Are the Victims of the Pulse Gay Nightclub Massacre in Orlando  
I tried to avoid as much #Orlando stuff as possible today and focus on positive things. I had to. But it doesn't mean my heart isn't heavy.
And somehow people are surprised by #Orlando  
I will not read the comments.
I will not read the comments.
I will not read the comments.
I will not read the comments.
I will not read the
This is why I always love working with   ❤️    
FUCK YEAH!  
FUCK YEAH!  
Meet the first trans woman on the cover of 'Women's Running'   via    
I have the best employer ever!  
Look at all of these creative people calling me a man! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
First Transgender Woman Featured On The Cover Of Women's Running    via  
Y'all can hate but I am all in on these messages updates. ALL IN. #WWDC2016
Apple is just turning iMessage into Slack and I'm okay with that #WWDC2016
O
M
G

EMOJIFICATION IN IOS IS MY EVERYTHING
Is this the first woman of color ever on an Apple stage? #WWDC2016
They're flying through this keynote. What are they saving time for?! #WWDC2016
Just the home/lock screen and Siri updates for iOS alone are huge. Super into this #WWDC2016
Glad to see Apple realized TouchID is TOO fast now #WWDC2016
Will use this every day at work #WWDC2016  
Honestly, these Apple Watch updates look really, really great. As in makes Apple Watch not look like a beta product anymore. #WWDC2016
Minnie Mouse Apple Watch face now #fuckthepatriarchy #WWDC2016
If you don't care about Apple tweets today, feel free to mute me or mute #WWDC2016
dat bois are back in town
Today is the WWDC keynote.

In unrelated news, today I will install beta OSes on my primary phone, computer, and watch because I am dumb.
I’m not the trans person you typically see sandwiched between two Kardashians  
Uh, it me!  
Welcoming, accepting, and inclusive. The running community is love. #runchat  
Not to mention that when trans women defend themselves against attacks THEY end up in prison. Men's prisons.  
Because more bullets in the air has ever made people safer  
As some have seen already, I am on the cover of the July issue of  . Events like #orlando are why saying yes was difficult
I'll say it. The GOP wants to see LGBTQ people not exist anymore by any means necessary.  
The people who are quick to point out that a shooter was Muslim are the same who are silent when it's a white man
Mars is probably a safer place for LGBTQ people to live than Earth  
How many members of the GOP will pretend to care about LGBTQ people and completely ignore the blood on their hands over the next few days?
And I just saw this. Fucking hell  
So many tweets about ✈️ to SFO this morning
Exciting news!  
Ran 10 miles in 1 hour and 29 mins and felt blah. Nothing like 10 miles of nausea in the afternoon! Ugh. S   
But trans people are the problem  
za because yum  
This is a HUGE deal!  
Oh frak  
I keep coming up with great jokes about Slack being down, but they would only be funny on Slack
Slack being down right now is basically the patriarchy silencing the women of Tumblr discussing the patriarchy
Slack is down? I guess I'll have to actually do work
Holy shit  
On Tuesday, I'll be doing some really fun stuff with  ! Stayed tuned for more!!
Staff is struggling after last night. cc:    
It was great meeting   in person tonight!
Hey, y'all remember "David from Boston?" He's back with an even more disgusting comment!  
You know what really stinks? Being ignored by people you know.
"The only way to protect women in bathrooms is to bomb women in bathrooms"  
We have 605 Slack channels at  . wat.
This will be pretty exciting to watch  
Yes, please, to Alex being gay/bi/queer/any-sort-of-not-straight    
Ran 5.01 miles in 42 mins and felt good. Two early morning pre-work runs in a row?! YAS. Best way to start   
But transgender people are the problem in bathrooms.  
Me: I would eat a whole plate of skin

 : Are we still talking about sweet potatoes?
This is a sweet potato  
Random guy on street to friend: you know, crazy women fuck really good!

Me: I think you mean "fuck really well"
Random guy on street to friend: you know, crazy women fuck really good!

Me: I think you mean "fuck really well"
Got a lot of balls going up in the air right now
"Hillary is Wall Street so I'll vote for Trump if Bernie isn't the nominee."

You don't have to like Hillary,but going from Bernie to Trump?
Ran 4.01 miles in 33 mins and felt alright. First wake-up-super-early-before-work run in a long time. Felt   
My shirt today has a cat and a pun on it so it's very on-brand for me
A4:  's ITB recovery workout is essential for me making it through a training cycle uninjured #bibchat  
A3: getting a good night's sleep does wonders #bibchat  
A1: Goals are vital to improving. I need something to work towards &amp; focus on, but no goal is a finish line #bibchat  
I know I'm old because I actually like the Snapchat UI update
   
Today I refactored some code and made an API endpoint 88% faster. From 5.1s to 0.6s.

I'll call today a win.
The highlight of my day today was   screaming "I have balls for you!" to me through a door as it was closing
Bumping this thread for the day folks. COME BE AN ENGINEER AT TUMBLR! DM me!  
PHP is kind of a turd and drives me nuts. But you know what I get a lot done with every single day? PHP.  
A process can be really shitty without also being rigged. That's a thing that can happen, ya know. #justsaying
I am not voting in the NJ primaries today because I am not registered as a democrat and I have desire to change that.
I'm wearing a white dress today.

In related news, I'm also taking bets on how long it takes me to spill something all over myself today.
That's what she was yelling about? I couldn't make it out. She was totally incoherent when I passed her.  
I like getting stuff for free, but I still don't like how T-Mobile doesn't treat all bits the same  
Tumblr is a really great place to work and we're looking for engineers for our ads team. hmu and come work with me! It will be all the fun!
I cheated.

On my rest day.

With a hot 5-miler.

#runchat
Also need: "don't verbally berate trans ppl," "don't push trans ppl onto subway tracks," "don't assault trans ppl"  
My training last week: 5 workouts for 24.13 mi and 2524 calories burned  
Life would be so much better if rompers didn't require getting basically naked to pee. Like, maybe just a little button hatch in the crotch?
Men, don't leave comments like this on women's blogs. kthx.  
Not even 8pm and I've already had second dessert
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 9 mins and 21 secs and felt great. RAIN RUN! 8 splishy-splashy miles of goodness today!  
Double-fisting   and iced coffee is my aesthetic
Ran 4.01 miles in 33 mins and felt great.  
I almost missed the row of dogs on the bottom  
Facebook is making  lady runner emoji and I want it everywhere  
Ran 3.1 miles in 36 mins and felt good. Lead a trail run at Mohonk Mountain House this morning while still drunk    
I lost a   headband while swimming in a lake yesterday and I'm still salty about it
A22: The marathon is my true love so anything that makes me better at that. #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
I spent a few hours in a bikini in front of people today and felt comfortable and really great. I never thought that would be possible.
A13: 2014 New Jersey Marathon. Ran a personal worst. Everything went wrong. #GlobalRunningDay #RunChat  
Ran 4 miles in 35 mins. Easy recovery run for #GlobalRunningDay  
A9: I'd just like to run with Meb. He seems like the world's nicest person. #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A7: A great morning run sets the tone for the whole day #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A6:   RC1600. I'm about to break in my 13th pair #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A4: I hated it and thought it was dumb and the worst thing ever. #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A3: I'd love to run in Berlin I didn't get to when I was there a few years ago #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A2: It's open, inviting, and supportive #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
A1: It feels great physically, mentally, and emotionally. #GlobalRunningDay #runchat  
The Verge is inciting nightmares  
All about spaces, baby! #teamspaces #tabsVsSpaces  
Dammit, I read the comments
Ran 5.01 miles in 43 mins and felt alright. Go ahead and call me Lead Legs Amy after that run!  
Huh? LGBT people are just going to like not exist anymore? After existing for thousands of years?  
You can tell a lot about people from their phone home screens
Ran 8 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 9 secs and felt blah. Oof. Made it 2.5 miles before having to stop a   
I quit.  
 
I guess we've officially entered the "wake up at balls o'clock in the morning to run" time of year.

This is not going to be a fun run today
They call them fingers, but I never see them fing
 
Seriously, come work here! I'll refer you and we'll have a party!  
Empanadas for lunch today so like yeah
Wasn't this basically the plot of this season of The 100?  
Anyone I know going to this?  
Ran 5.01 miles in 43 mins and felt alright. First pre-work run in a while! Still way too hot out there though.  
I don't think it should be a bold statement that freedom comes with responsibility.  
This is* my bagel.

*was  
I ordered $300 worth of bathing suits from Victoria's Secret thinking they'd all look awful on me and I'd return them.

They all look great.
I peed in the schoo's women's room in one of these states last yr. Spoiler: Nothing bad happened to anyone ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
I peed in the schoo's women's room in one of these states last yr. Spoiler: Nothing bad happened to anyone ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Shit, where's my towel?
America 2016, where Captain America is a nazi
"probably"  
Ladies of NYC, y'all are wearing the cutest dresses today. You look great. 😍
This is evil  
My morning is lit   Tumblr  
Planning a long hard day of working on the roof today
This is what you do when you want to drive someone to suicide  
A4: I typically zone out and catch back up with my brain later #bibchat  
A3b: It's just more time you GET to spend running! #bibchat  
A3: Some days you just don't have a long run in you and it's not the end of the world #bibchat  
A2: Anything that causes chafing on a long run can completely ruin the day or week. #bibchat  
A1: Depends on how long we're talking. 15+ miles tends to be kinda time consuming. Otherwise, BRING IT! #bibchat  
Wait WHAT?!  
Ran 5 miles in 43 mins and felt alright. Woof. Too hot to run.  
Dick-nozzle pushed a bunch of people out of his way so he could get on the   before them then immediately stopped in the doorway
Oh thanks, PHP, for allowing me to change the visibility on an overridden property without throwing warnings/errors. Jerk.
I'm super happy about dat boi seemingly replacing pepe. fuck pepe.
Manager: I think I'm going to Chop't for lunch
Me: I already got mine chop't
📷 engineering: Stickers decorate many of the laptops of Tumblr engineers. Guess which one is mine! Also   
Of course things are confusing when you define them based on genitals which are typically kept hidden at all times  
Me: *says a thing*

Everyone: *freaks out* You're terrible!

Someone else: *says same thing, worded differently*

Everyone: same!
I'm finally the "most" something in the world! Go me!  
Really into these changes, but I wonder if there will be a limit to how many ppl you can mention in a tweet.  
I wasn't interested in Ara until reading this. Though, it's still hard to see this being something that takes off  
This.  
No. I must own this!  
That sounds terrifying, Polyvore  
Only someone who has never tried to cut their dick off for real could think this is true. It's really fucking hard!  
It's truly wild how out of shape cis gay men get themselves bent when an *actual* trans person disagrees with their opinions on trans stuff
Hey  
Once every 1-2 months the old ppl at Tumblr start talking about late 90s punk/indie music and I spend the afternoon reliving high school
I have a belly full of chili and you don't
Imogen + Laverne = oh, fuck, I can't wait  
My training last week: 4 workouts for 20.26 mi and 1986 calories burned  
Looks like   is wearing a shirt in support of trans people's right to access bathrooms during her #BBMAs performance
Wife is doing handstands and her shirt keeps falling down. I don't hate this show.
A6: To the *multiple* that have hit me: Please fuck a grenade. #runchat  
A5: Pay attention to your surroundings! #runchat  
A4: Morning feels safer to me because it's getting lighter, not darker. And fewer creeps are out. #runchat  
#MyDepressionLooksLike me obsessing over the most effective and least painful ways to kill oneself
A3: Morning runs help keep my evenings free for whatever comes up #runchat  
#MyDepressionLooksLike me with all my personality zapped from me
A1: I don't run in the dark anymore because of safety reasons, but I used to use Knuckle Lights #runchat  
Doing #runchat two weeks in a row! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! Question: Why is it Sunday night already?  
Didn't even make it halfway through last night's SNL without seeing Fred Armisen in a dress. Sigh.
Lifehack: coffee
You mean a "being a woman on the internet" simulator?  
So it's 20 weeks until  . I have no idea what kind of race I'll be able to run, but I'm starting to get excited for training
Ran 6.2 miles in 51 mins and felt great. I wasn't supposed to run my last 2.5 miles at 7:50 min/mile, but    
I'm critiquing my cat's feminism so really it's just a typical day in my house
 
Ain't no love like the love between a cat and a foil ball
I had a dream that I accidentally liked a tweet by someone I hate. It was awful.
Hi  , when you deliver packages to the wrong address, I shouldn't have to contact the seller. Your mistakes shouldn't be my problem.
 
But how will we know which one respects the privacy of women and children?  
It's Friday afternoon and this is where I'm at  
I blame all the bugs in my code on my boobs  
I look like I fell in a pool after a run when it's 45°  
I'm oddly excited about this  
Ban churches. Charge churches as sex offenders. Declare a state of emergency over churches.
 
This is an actual thing this guy tweeted  
16 weeks post-surgery update    
This is how I feel in reality every time I use a public restroom. Feels like everyone is watching me  
Ran 5.04 miles in 43 mins and felt alright. Not my best feeling run, but not a bad time  
Shoutout to the two women I saw on my run wearing hijabs and singing Rihanna's "Work" while running. Y'all are great
It was *really* windy walking up and down the steps to the PATH and my dress blew *way* up. I hope everyone enjoyed the free show!
Trying to finish a post for a 16wk post-op update. Currently at 2k words which brings me to 7.5k total words re: getting my junk rearranged.
Trying to finish a post for a 16wk post-op update. Currently at 2k words which brings me to 7.5k total words re: getting my junk rearranged.
'I just feel less alone': how Tumblr became a source for mental health care  
I snoozed on The Ergs when they were around because I didn't like other people who liked them. It was a mistake.  
So sick of talking about bathrooms. This is a huge mainstream "debate" right now, but it's been going on for yrs and yrs. This is exhausting
Cis people, what the fuck are you doing? Seriously. Collect yourselves.  
Please tell me I'm not the only one that just doesn't care about VR at all
Sounds great unless you're a developer #io16  
I hate this presenter already and he's only been up for 10 seconds. #io16
Why the fuck aren't all conversations end-to-end encrypted by default in Allo?! #io16
Also looks kind of like Slack with Friends #io16
yum clams #io16
gaaaaahhhh stop making new messaging apps. everyone. please. stop. #nomore #io16
Basically how I do most of my runs  
"old-school punk rock inspired by Jimmy Eat World and Motion City Soundtrack"

huh?
I'm going to start filtering emails to my  account with the word "SEO" anywhere in them right to the trash. Go away.
When your teeth aren't tough enough, use this toothpaste made from pure masculinity.  
This is such an absurd thing to say about someone transitioning    
I like when I see coworkers RTing stuff like this into my timeline. Reminds me I work at a place that welcomes me  
A6: I ran in 100º with 100% humidity. It was unpleasant! #bibchat  
A3: I'm a cold weather runner. I just run better when it's under 50 than when it's hot #bibchat  
A1: I start waking up a lot earlier on the weekends to get my runs in before it gets too hot out #bibchat  
Hi #bibchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City and I'm too lazy to find a pic right now. :)  
Yes. This should be banned everywhere.  
Ran 5.01 miles in 42 mins and felt great. Damn that was a good run! Last mile was practically effortless a   
The latest update to iTunes is more proof that iTunes is unfixable. Burn the whole thing down and build from scratch.
Notice how easy it was for the author to talk about vaginas in a gender-neutral way  
Even though today was a planned off day, I'm feeling guilty about not going for that run I decided I would do mid-day.
This egg "works in gay clubs," so he clearly knows more about being trans than actual trans ppl.Good thing he's here  
WTF is a vagina bone?

My vagina didn't come with one of those. Did I get ripped off?
Finally. This is a good update.  
This looks like Google+, but with rectangles instead of circles  
Since he wasn't born with *that* penis, which bathroom should he use?  
This Chi+WDW trip is more of a pain in the ass to plan than the 3-city Europe trip with did a few years ago
How bad of an airline is Frontier? Asking for a friend.
The latest changes to Kayak have made their site so buggy :(
I think I forgot to put deodorant on. Hope I don't smell today!
A6: Starting the day off with a run is always great, regardless of the season #runchat  
A4: Running is a great way to explore a new city #runchat  
A2: A fall marathon always keeps me motivated through summer. #runchat  
A1: I stick with either plain ol' water or   #runchat  
Been a minute since I've done #runchat. I'm Amelia from Jersey City! 2nd fave sport is  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   
This is some Alien shit  
Ran 6.2 miles in 53 mins and felt good. Longest run since surgery. It was windy as heck out, but it felt g   
W-even-TF?! Just deleted   from my phone forever.  
WTF depression? Where the hell did you come from today? Get outta here!
That moment when you have to explain to your second oldest friend that he's not actually the asshole he thinks he is
So psyched to see   on this list!!  
Some guy came out of his house to tell   to stop cowbelling for the #newport10k and we said no
Really bummed I'm not running the #newport10k right now, but this race ain't worth the pain of this blister
Can't believe it took them this long to figure out 9/11 was caused by trans ppl using the bathroom. Like, obviously  
I was supposed to run a 10k tomorrow, but these damn shoes fucked up my heels so badly I don't think I'm going to be able to
Some people care way too much about how others run. How cares as long as people are enjoying themselves?  
It feels great and my brain doesn't work without it #FastFriday  
Keep 'em coming, Obama  
If you're the one doing the talking, you're not "just trying to learn"
This guy is defining people by their genitals, but I'm offensive for saying 'fuck'  
I love how quick ppl are to separate between trans ppl who have and haven't had bottom surgery in terms of what rights they should have
I find it interesting that in the NYC area, people default to spelling my name wrong (Emilia), but everywhere else people get it right
This little buddy of mine is FIVE YEARS OLD TODAY! It's FRYday the 13th!  
 
Obama Administration coming out swinging on trans rights this month  
This is amazing news!  
Ran 4.01 miles in 34 mins and felt great. It's so warm out! Possibly TOO warm for running!  
I forgot how short this dress is. How did I ever wear this with a penis?!
Looking good, Jersey City!  
There's this one bridge that I want to burn so badly right now. Not even just burn, but like utterly massacre.
I think it's time for a new tattoo
Maybe it's different for surfers, but my favorite part of running *is* the disconnection  
Maybe it's different for surfers, but my favorite part of running *is* the disconnection  
I really hate the idea of calling something related to running a "suffer score."  
Half my team is wearing matching colors today  
Geez, they finally updated their icon to not garbage  
Big thanks to   for bringing me a hair tie,water,&amp;ginger ale while I was sick in the bathroom at work. I❤️my   family
And all of a sudden, I feel like I have food poisoning, but not the nausea, just all of the other head/body feels
Pretty sure it's literally always a good time to be rich  
Woman standing next to me is blasting   in her headphones and got really weirded out when I tried to say "nice" and gave a 👍
Today was a really, really good day and I can't even talk about the most exciting part of it
No matter how many times I read  's words today,I can't get through without tears. This is so important  
Okay, hear me out here    has fought pretty hard for #HB2 and made a real ass of himself in the process
Federal Justice Department announced they're suing NC over #HB2 and I'm here like   cc:  
Yeah, I noticed this over the weekend and DO NOT LIKE! #bringbackblue  
Fake eye lashes are hella weird to wear
Photographer types  
A half hour early for a thing that starts at 5am. Dammit.

NYC is a weird place at 4am on a Monday.
Trans, you say?  
Ugh. I got up at runDisney o'clock this morning, but there's no Disney
So that's what the sky looks like  
Is it too late for a career change to Guacamole Judge?
What ever happened to Xzibit?
Most days, I really don't care, but sometimes I get tired of feeling like everyone hates me or, at best, just tolerates me
We spoiled ourselves with two deluxe resorts in a row at Disney and now I don't want to go back to the more reasonably priced ones. Wahhh
Heather and I have been in a fight since I found out about this.  
If you cold email me to pitch me something and I don't respond, don't follow up three additional times.
I had to go to bed before this, but holy fuck  ! Y'all are amazing!  
Oh lord  
"We don't get bullied, we do the bullying!"  
This is so good! -&gt; Marvel at the Wonder of Star Wars: The Force Awakens Recreated in Emoji   via  
I was so engrossed in an article about running that I missed my PATH stop and ended up at the end of the line. Oops.
I love Stars Wars as much as anyone else, but today is also Jawbreaker day and we shouldn't forget that
The Verge wrote about MTH! :)  
Apparently, it's going to be the summer of trans women on sports magazine covers.
Oh, come the fuck on with this.
 
I'm sorry, but I just feel like people need to stop writing think pieces about what phrases women should and shouldn't say. If that's okay
Another reminder that even in NYC trans people are under attack  
Me: *doesn't comment code*
Others: You have to comment your code!
Me: *comments code*
Others: Oh, we don't need *these* comments.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I typically hate how my voice sounds all the time, but it's always such a pleasure to be a guest on    
I spent a lot of the last year dealing with this for the MTH backend  
Look how beautiful  is! Live now at    
You don't even know the unholy things I would do right now for a few days straight with a full night's sleep
Great, now I'm doing CSS. I swear, if I accidentally become a frontend engineer, I'm not going to happy.
Launching something new that you hope will be a positive force in the world is terrifying
A huge thanks to   who hopped on a screenshare with me to help with some last minute CSS about an hour ago :)
My heart is no longer beating.  
My alarm to wake up just went off and I was like "HAH! I dilated and am already working! And so so tired"
A startup I cofounded launches tomorrow and that's totally wild to me
Actual Ben and/or Jerry just scooped me ice cream  
This is a Bernie muppet  
This is a pretzel  
Texts with    
Damn, I forgot the Hot Snakes were a band. What a great Monday morning find
Are there any good apps for taking gif selfies in OS X with the webcam? Not looking for another app that's just a video to gif converter
Jelly beans for breakfast because I deserve it
This is gonna be a week

again
Wanted to do #runchat tonight, but my body is begging for sleep and I'mma give in
A lot of damn work. #runchat  
This record store has a lot of very specific categories  
This is Fry  
I love that this is a thing that exists in 's codebase  
Jersey City DMV:
Line 1: wait outside
Line 2: wait inside
Line 3: wait for your number
Line 4: wait for your name
Line 5: wait for your name
Love the signs telling ppl to be organ donors.If I die I hope the most bigoted transphobe gets my heart&amp;someone tells them whom it came from
This is the line at the Jersey City DMV right now. It'd probably be less hassle to let my license expire  
I'm honestly really all about Megyn Kelly's slow turning towards being progressiveness  
"It was a radical, socialist, homosexual movement called the Nazi Socialist Party."

Homosexual?

 
I stand w   vs. discrimination.     #repealhb2 #standwithtarget
I've spent way too much time working with javascript in the last week
I've spent way too much time working with javascript in the last week
Oh, wow, there's a brewery called Hoof Hearted?!?! This makes me so happy.  
that moment when you send out beta accounts, but forget to set your data as live for non-admins
Damn, that's brutal  
Hang on we're supposed to herald   as subversive for using the women's room in Trump Tower in NYC where it's protected
Looks like   is handing out cookies in front of the Flatiron Building today. Great start to my morning!  
I, for one, believe Carly Fiorina deserves our support  
I'm calling myself a synthetic woman from now on  
Ran 3.1 miles in 27 mins and felt alright. Yay! I can run again again  
I got a really unexpected but also awesome email yesterday about doing a thing and it's really exciting, but scary, but I can't wait
I'm usually begging for more hrs in the day, but maybe I also need more days in the wk. Don't even care if they're more wkdays at this point
*sees her running shoes are back in stock, puts 8 pairs in her cart*
There is a bot the corrects you if you misspell dox. Because of course there is.  
Wonder how many times these creeps jerked off to these women before doxxing them  
Instead of banning trans ppl from bathrooms, can we just be required to present therapist letters to pee like we have to for everything else
We bought a new MacBook for   last night and while in the store I decided I *really* like the rose gold. And I hate pink.
Oops I just registered for the   #DopeyChallenge again. I'm dumb. #runDisney #runchat #bibchat  
I know there are a metric fuckton of ppl who don't like me(some for good reason),but really sucks when you know they'll talk/write about you
well, that's not how I wanted that to go #vaguetweets
Stress certainly makes dilating harder. A real pain in the dick.
But trans people are the dangerous ones  
My current level of frustration: "put a gun to my head and paint the wall with my brains"

😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
We just realized Fry's birthday is FRYday the 13th this year. And he's a mostly black cat.

Guys, he's just the best.
Today's lunch and learn is "Offensive Hacking." This should be fun
I've decided I'm no longer going to correct my "marathong" typos
Is the Mac App Store just completely broken now? Is it just me?
It appears that   is walking around the office handing out bacon to people. This is not even abnormal around here.
Happy Monday! I'm finally not in excruciating pain anymore and it's great!  
Hattie is compute  
At least I'm actively using 16 terminal windows right now
Just watched   pour a bowl of cereal and then dump chocolate chips in there. I married a genius.
That was the first time in eight years that Leela has come over and laid on my chest like Fry and Hattie do.
Hattie really doesn't want me to be productive today  
Would love to hear how other smaller or all-volunteer startups handle the struggle between designers and engineers
New life goal: learn how to relax even just a little bit in any situation and any definition of the word
OK seriously, is there ONE thing Fred Armisen has done in which he doesn't do a man-in-a-dress gag? Either come out as trans or knock it off
I felt the same, I just didn't want to be the one to say it  
When I was cheering on the '93 Phillies in the World Series, I'd've never guessed 23 yrs later Curt Schilling would rant hate at ppl like me
"This vagina is a real pain in the dick" has become my favorite thing to say about the pain I've been dealing with. It's v accurate
Tumblr's femgineer lunch was started by  . Then I took over planning. Now it has a mind of its own and is completely unstoppable
The number of bugs that magically show up out of nowhere the moment you announce your project's launch date is insane
ICYMI:  is launching on May 3!!!  
See, cisgender IS a word  
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG! We're launching!!!!!  
Another thing I'm missing about running right now is it gave me something else to tweet about
I describe what I did and why, any weird stuff/caveats, and provide testing instructions  
I guess it was only a matter of time before Snapchat added a blackface filter
"What's the difference between `trashable` and `garbageable`?"

What my day has devolved into
OMG there is so much to love before even listening  
People need to stop letting me near computer code. I wrote some complete garbage an no one stopped me and now 😬🔫
Turns out I don't hate his song nearly as much when Taylor Swift is lip syncing to it   
Whenever life beats me up and I feel hopeless and want to give up, it's running that gets me through. I can't run atm, but looking at 
WTF Apple🖕  
This is about the only thing ever written using the word millennial that I even remotely identify with  
Same!  
I left work early because I was in too much pain. I've been trying so hard to keep it together,but I can't anymore. I feel hopeless&amp;helpless
Damn, Baysa isn't messing around right now. #Boston2016 #BostonMarathon
"Look how spread eagle the field is" - #BostonMarathon announcer

 
"How much harder is it for the women to run without the men?" 

Come on #BostonMarathon announcer, you could have worded that better
Every yr I watch #BostonMarathon and it just makes me that much more determined to get there. It WILL happen! #Boston2016 #bqchat #runchat
That scary moment when you `curl -XDELETE &lt;url&gt;/_all` at your production Elasticsearch instance #launchprep
That scary moment when you `curl -XDELETE &lt;url&gt;/_all` at your production Elasticsearch instance #launchprep
How my monitors will be set up this morning #BostonMarathon #Boston2016  
Today is the 50th year of women running the #BostonMarathon. Note that it's not the 50 year of women being *allowed* to run
It's #BostonMarathon day! Good luck, everyone!!! #Boston2016
This is because I love my team and felt like we deserved quality test data :)  
"I'm so sorry I'm a person you have to know"

"I'm so sorry you're friends with me"

"I'm so sorry I exist"

All things I've said this week
And Leela set her tail on fire again
help  
After my bday brunch, my friends went to the bar &amp; I went home because my vagina hurts, my GI is a mess, I'm depressed, &amp; I have work to do
Me (snarkily reading a sign): Danielle sometimes a box isn't just a box

Danielle: No, sometimes there's a cat inside
I came home and saw a millipede running across our living room so now I have to move to Europa. Bye, Earth
Celebrating my birthday with a meal that's inedible spicy. 👌
I guess I'm 33 now
My hack day project is a Slack bot that travels through time and posts to Tumblr.

Literally every part of that statement is true.
A room full of democrats just booed Obama? #DemDebate
gosh, The Force Awakens is just so fucking good
I really hate writing javascript
These are huge improvements  
Well,   wins brands  
It's Hack Day at   today which means my already non-sensical job gets even more non-sensical. Upping the Whimsey Factor to 11.
Before surgery, I weighed 142-148lbs depending the day. At the moment, I weigh 131lbs and still feel grossly fat. Thanks a lot, patriarchy
 is a non-profit startup tackling transgender healthcare cofounded by people who work at Tumblr, Amazon, and Etsy.

Sheesh.
Be sure you're aware of typical UTI symptoms then. Almost any trans woman will be able to tell you what these are  
Unfortunately, it seemed like I needed to take this week off from running and I'm really not okay with this.
Let's hope phone battery tech gets better by then because it's gonna suck to not be able to pay your way home  
Current status: cat scarf  
"It's much nicer yo-yoing around 135lbs than 145"

"Who knew your balls weighed 10lbs!"

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Well, after 14hrs straight of hacking away, we've reached the part of the day where I start a fight w/our deploy bot  
So Melissa McCarthy just said "Who knew Bruce Springsteen could get any cooler," but what about all her transphobia on Mike and Molly?
This problem would be a lot easier to solve if cis people didn't have genders
A room full of the entire  team and I scream "guys, I don't know how to fix gender."
Reviewing many pull requests today so I'll be taking many selfies  
The copy we just came up with for the   error page actually makes me hope the site breaks
Committing straight to master like it's my job
Ran 5 miles in 43 mins and felt great. First five miler since surgery and it was the best I've felt on a run so far!  
Neither the weather nor my vagina seem to want me to run today, but I really want to anyway
A good 30% of the 1,057 commits to the   repo must be me with the message 'fucking linter'
My year-old Apple Watch has been on my wrist for 16.5 hours and still has 59% battery. Would kill for life like this on my iPhone
Imagine if more people focused on landing space rockets on drone ships instead of worrying about which bathrooms trans people use
Incredible   
Coworker: How's life?
Me: Terrible and I'm going to go drown myself in the Hudson now. kbye
Coworker: I see
"We conned some journalists into writing about lizards."

The kind of thing that's totally normal to hear at our all team meetings
My life would be great if it weren't for my brain
Computers are the devil
Most pants still aren't super comfortable, but I don't have enough tops that go with leggings and weather-appropriate dress to keep this up
Finally got around to reading this. So great! And I'm so proud I got to be a part of this scene &amp; run an NB basement  
After years of being pretty transphobic, last night's   was surprisingly perfect
Listen, men, I know you think you're being nice, but quit offering up your seat to me *just because I'm a woman.* I can stand just fine.
It's been nearly three months since the last time we've been to Disney World. Planning our next trip is long overdue
Slack text formatting is killing my Markdown skillz
Yeah, but like that's a lot of people to have a conversation with just so we can, you know, pee.  
I got Dos Toros for lunch and used self control to not eat the whole thing. It's like I don't even know me anymore.
So, how was your commute today?  
I was just that person who stopped the train doors from closing to get on. I feel nothing but shame. Society should cast me into the shadows
Peeing was fun while it lasted!  
The thing about having two full-time jobs is it really fucks you up when you're at one of them for 11 hours
I see they're going for the ol' Carolina Transphobia Twofer here  
Remember that time when I actually woke up to run in the morning and didn't have to go after work? That was great, but it wasn't today.
This is disgusting beyond what I have words for. Depression is serious and not something to make light of  
Trans person: Here's my opinion as a trans person 

Cis person: Well,we can't be letting you have your own ideas now.That would be insane!
Well, I've had enough cissplaining for one day
This is a one time data population script so why not use a ternary operator inside another ternary operator? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This sounds great except for having my family that close.  
Honestly, I blame so much of current anti-LGBT legislation situation on HRC for focusing on marriage over anti-discrimination
Hey, robots think I'm cool  
Hey, robots think I'm cool  
Ugh. I'm so over this recovery. I'm over still having pain. I'm over feeling like I'm never going to be not recovering again. I'm over lube.
I guess MS hasn't been paying attention to NC and GA ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
It's 9:50am and I've already started a sentence with "speaking of throbbing ." How's your day going?
I had surgery 9.5 weeks ago and I just tried to jiggle after peeing. #musclememory
I still can't get over how amazing Tumblr's April Fools lizard election turned out
Listening to No Use For A Name - Leche Con Carne. This takes me back
My dentist seems to enjoy drilling just a little too much. It's sorta unnerving.
I got in bed and immediately realized how to solve the a major coding thing that killed my whole weekend.

Stay in bed or get back to work?
I'm supposed to have a birthday in 12 days, but I can't bring myself to get excited or make any plans
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt alright.  
Wife: I can make us BLTs minus the T
Me:  really? Cis people.
Mop!!!!  
Only funny to myself since '83
#Mop2016 #MopCould #TumblrDecides    
I’m supporting my candidate, are you? #mopcould #mopin2016 #tumblrdecides    
Clicked an email address in   and it opened   to compose a new message. wat.
Uber for flats  
This is important-&gt; I voted for Mop and so can you!   #tumblrdecides
Going to sleep and hoping to wake up on April 2nd to avoid both annoying jokes/pranks and people complaining about said jokes/pranks
I'd be okay with this  
I'm so sorry I exist  
When you help your employer with #tdov stuff while being super jaded about it on your own blog/twitter
Good god there are a lot of trans people on Tumblr
When you put on a new dress for the first time and find out it has pockets you didn't know about  
I've been working here for 19 months and I *just* set up my 401k. And y'all think I've got my life together!
Petition to replace #TransgenderDayOfVisibility with Transgender Day of Being Allowed to Pee, Oh, And STOP FUCKING MURDERING TWOC #tdov
Not sure if you're aware how bathrooms work, but pants are dropped in private, in a stall, where no one can see  
So, before being allowed in a women's room, I need to drop my pants and show you my genitals?  
Absolutely true  
My gender is 'aggressively other'
Fight or flight
We're having a LAN party at Tumblr so basically I'm going to be dying a whole lot tonight
I hate myself so I set a 5:45am alarm in the living room to make sure I get out of bed to run tomorrow
Well, I guess I should start working on my gap  
Nearing 1,000 commits in    
Ran 3.1 miles in 28 mins and felt good. That was some wind  
Update: My manicure made it 33 hours before chipping so basically I'm some sort of god
I just saw  's doppelganger walking down the street in Jersey City
"I have to restart my computer anyway, might as well install the OS X update"

*30 minutes later*

"Never again"
My team is still looking for a great Android engineer! Come work at Tumblr with me, it's rad!  
Me, daily: I want to be the kind of chick who wears heels every day

*10 seconds in heels*

Me: OH GOD WHY WOULD ANYONE WILLINGLY DO THIS?!
Pretty much. I've tried real hard to like one over the other and I just can't.  
It's been nine hours and my manicure is still intact so I guess that means I'm finally an adult
No one was supposed to know this!  
Most days, my job is just an IRL meme
I'm starting to be convinced that Tumblr was really just created for the intention of covertly making me gayer
My training last week: 4 workouts for 13.31 mi and 1493 calories burned  
Oh, but we are!  
Seriously not safe to be trans anywhere   
same  
We have the best damn gifs  
I really, really should write more
People literally asked for this  
OMG WAT DA FUQ #TheWalkingDead #twd
I finally unpacked!

From Disney World.

Two and a half months ago.
A4: I do when I'm not running at home. Everyone here seems to be in their own world so I stopped. #runchat  
Hi #runchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City. Goal right now is to build up enough to start marathon training  
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt alright. Today's run was a bit tough, but 4 miles!  
I am comically bad at working with regex
OMG this is my new favorite blog  
I'm okay with this  
Ran 3.1 miles in 27 mins and felt good.  
I'm in a coffeeshop working on   and a woman sees the screen, asks if it's my site, and thanks me ❤️
This is me and samisaperson  
Apparently,   thinks I won't out-sass him  
Yes, man, please explain to me how truthiness works in PHP because my feeble lady-brain can't understand it
Dropping "well actually "s on mansplainers feels so good sometimes
Dropping "well actually "s on mansplainers feels so good sometimes
Do cis people realize how much more productive and contributing to society we'd be if they didn't keeping fucking up gender (identity)?
Does gender come with any sort of PTO? I'd like to take a vacation next week
Also, this is a really intense thing to have to do just to be legally allowed to pee  
SO much the first four  
Ugh. I guess this has been a great week for transphobic terrorists who hate Gary Shandling and javascript
Oh no, I've encountered a gay berniebro
Cis people who follow me, liking/RTing my tweets doesn't make you an ally. You have to stand up &amp; fight anti-trans legislation in yr states.
Also, WTF is "dress as a trans woman?" How does a trans woman dress? Go on, I'm listening.  
Funny because attacking someone else is illegal regardless of how you're dressed  
Things GOP is okay with:
- Murdering children
- Talking about children's genitals

Things GOP is not okay with:
- Trans kids existing
Christ, I go out for one night and get drunk and North Carolina passes a law making it illegal for trans people to go to the bathroom
Somehow it came up in conversation with   and now I'm listening to New Found Glory's cover the the Never Ending Story theme
But I don't see anyone trying to ban children or cis people from private/gender-segregated spaces  
I literally cannot even with this woman  
This basically just reads like "well, literally everything is going to kill you"  
Unpopular opinion: Google Chrome is actually kind of a turd anymore (except for its dev tools)
Blows my mind that ppl like   think kids are forced to be trans. This NEVER happens, but trans kids ARE forced to NOT be trans
My favorite typos/autocorrect fails from   lately:

- falafel -&gt; gal gels
- muscle tender -&gt; muscle gender
I agree with all of this 100%  
Ran 3.1 miles in 29 mins and felt good. Another 5k down. Not quite as good as last night's though.  
Things that are really hard:
- getting back to a 5:30 wake up after months off
- dilating immediately after running
A5: Almost never run with compression. I find it uncomfortable. #bibchat   
A4: I play it by ear. I like to try to do a recovery run though #bibchat  
A3: foam roller, trigger point ball, compression socks. #bibchat  
A2: I have a   after 100% of my runs. Other than that, I just eat/drink what I crave #bibchat  
A1: Not as much as I should.There are only so many hours in the day. I'm good at times, but not consistent. #bibchat  
Ran 3.1 miles in 28 mins and felt great. Already back up to 5k like it's nothing! Felt GREAT  
Listening to   give a talk on flying a plane, but now she's just telling us how to crash without dying
Having a little pre-run wine
I always thought one day I'd just stop being bothered by strangers calling me 'sir,' but I guess today isn't that day
This is the bluest of toilets  
Every time a man cries about feminism, my feminism only grows stronger
RIP getting to eat lunch today
There comes a point at which you're old enough to have friends young enough to speak a version of English you can't even understand
It's 9:30 and I've already spent a half hour trying to figure out a bug in my code caused by PHP's inconsistent argument ordering
Just catching up on Brussels this morning. :(
Good morning  
It's amazing how many ways one friendship can get sabotaged over and over
Look I'm not a fan of the word tranny either, but   has every right to use it for the name of her book
I would buy an iPad Pro in a heartbeat if I could run a Vagrant VM on it
The #appleevent has broken Tumblr staff. It's over folks.
Fuck everyone, I loved Siri's bad pun
First presenter Tim Cook brought on stage is a woman
I've never seen the word tranny in my Twitter timeline as much as I have today
I have no soreness from yesterday's 2 miles so that means I can jump right back to 10 miles tomorrow, right?
When a really nice weekend gets ruined in the last couple of hours
A1: Mostly after runs. Wearing them right now, actually! They seem to help me feel better the next day #runchat  
God this guy is a shit-nozzle   
Also, I love how my Garmin thinks I went for a swim in the marina  
I've finished marathons feeling better than I do after those two miles. oof.
I realized this morning that I've accidentally been doubling my estrogen for the last month. Oops.
This is why I ended up feeling like I had to be open about it  
And people still don't think capitalism is a problem  
Wanted: cute spring/summer dresses by the closetful
My wife is a beast  
Tonight:
- Grilled cheese
- Last night's #BroadCity
- #Daredevil season 2
There is a completely separate, and even worse, hell for people who misuse   channel,   everyone and   here in Slack
100% of our new engineers this week are women. This makes me happy. #fuckyeah
Going to Brooklyn from Jersey City is like IRL Oregon Trail
Aw crap  
Aw crap  
Someone asked me if I'm a "gold star lesbian" and I don't even understand why this is a thing  
Someone asked me if I'm a "gold star lesbian" and I don't even understand why this is a thing  
.   is at Tumblr HQ for a Speakr Series  
Not okay with the fact that my legs are *still* sore from Tuesday's run. 😬🔫
Deleting that tweet because forgetting the word "not" changes everything
I'm sorry, but green cream cheese freaks me out. #fuckingirish  
There isn't a messaging platform I despise more than Google Hangouts. It wasn't always this way, but here we are. #pleasedonthangoutme
I ran two miles yesterday and I'm sore today WAHHHHHHHH
This is the very definition of being an obstructionist  
I didn't open a single computer or read Twitter or Slack yesterday. It was, possibly, the greatest day of my life
"I mean, I feel like you’d age into a fantastic justice like RBG" -   to me just now.

#ameliaforSCOTUS
I love misandry. It's how I sleep at night.
Depression, it's the worst
But why the first joke in the trailer? Why are we still making jokes out of getting someone's gender wrong?  
It turns out that, sometimes, honesty isn't the best policy
Programming:

"Sometimes you get too many chefs in the kitchen. And sometimes it's a kitchen full of Italian chefs trying to make sushi."
So it looks like   is discontinuing my shoe. Welp.
Everyone is all "YAY AN EXTRA HOUR OF LIGHT IN THE EVENING" and I'm all "yeah, but I'd rather have that hour in the morning"
Hell is trying to dilate with 3 hungry cats who are fighting with each other over top of you
I could really do without a timeline full of Jenny Boylan RTing the praise she gets for I Am Cait every Sunday
Burned. Out.
A2: Really, not much at all. I love race-cations! #runchat  
30 weeks :) #runchat  
I've seen this same guy sitting on the floor of the PATH six different times now. YOU DON'T SIT ON THE FLOOR OF THE SUBWAY! So gross.
A comprehensive list of things I've eaten today:

I'm not the kind of person who forgets to eat, I'm the kind who forgets to stop. WTF?
This is good news for me  
You okay, Neil? What's going on over there?  
We're such a cute couple  
Is Lululemon still completely awful &amp; Ayn Rand-y? Do they still hate women? They have a lot of cute clothes&amp;maybe I should break my boycott?
Hey! Hey! Hey! Attention! I ran!!! A mile without any problems! 😍😃💃🙀😸🙌👏👍💪🤘🏃🎉  
Not surprised that a gay male friend of mine doesn't understand why referring to Caitlyn Jenner as "Caitlyn Gender" is transphobic
When I see my cis friends RTing my trans friends it's like a colliding of worlds.
I don't have to worry about being groped at the end of a Disney World line  
Man, this Obama SXSW keynote, he really doesn't understand how encryption works
Our recruiting is working!  
Nothing I love more than Tranny Soup™  
Tripped up the stairs on the roof and made a spectacle of myself in front of coworkers. #blessed
No. She's the problem we don't need.  
The Lawrence Arms surpassed disaster to make the punk classic Oh! Calcutta!    
Go fuck yourself  
Like a typical climate denier, Rubio equates climate and weather when they are not the same thing #GOPDebate
"Government is the problem," says the man who wants the highest position in the government. #GOPDebate
Go fuck yourself  
You know, you fix one major problem in your life, but that just creates less competition for your time between your other problems
Rocking out to Carly Rae Jepsen at my desk,   would be proud
I'm so tired of nearly about Hillary's speaking fees #DemDebate
My DVR recorded I Am Cait. Do I want to fuel my curiosity for how big of a fire is in that dumpster?
Literally don't even know what this guy is talking about ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
*reads tweets in #TheTriggering, isn't triggered*

y'all are pathetic
Amelia Live Tweeting her Exploration of Her New Body Parts™
Working from the roof because duh   Tumblr  
My favorite game  
Help  
I wonder how redpill dudebros are dealing with the fact that we've got both the Wachoskis now
A scientist calculated the cost of not being a straight man, and she wants a tax cut   via  
A4: Won't know for sure what's possible for 2016 for a couple months, but I want to *race* 26.2 this yr #bibchat  
A1: No more worries of ice! #bibchat  
I am very happy for Lilly Wachowski, but also very angry at a world that outs trans people against their will
Coworker said "I read your blog and you write exactly the way you talk. I could hear your voice in my head with every word." Huge compliment
Coworker said "I read your blog and you write exactly the way you talk. I could hear your voice in my head with every word." Huge compliment
A few people have suggested running #TCSNYCMarathon for a charity as if I wasn't aware that was an option and I have the time to raise money
To the woman staring me up and down on my PATH ride home, congrats, you figured out my secret! I'm a transsexual. Gasp! Humanity thanks you.
Welp, 0/4 on   lotteries. I'm not even disappointed, I'm mad. #TCSNYCMarathon
Hey, if you're a trans person and you like to run, you should join my Facebook group, if you haven't already! DM me :)
Today, I did 10 things that are illegal for women in other countries. What’s your score?   #IWD2016 via  
"I think anything that involves stealing is great." -  
I look pretty good today  
Commence the constant refreshing of credit card activity  
I get anxiety when there are multiple hashtags for the same thing. I'm always afraid I'm using the wrong one and people will hate me.
For #IWD2016, the #TCSNYCMarathon lottery should only select women. Make it happen   /  ! #InternationalWomensDay
Danielle: fucking JIRA
Me: Welcome to working in tech

 
If society didn't force women like me fight w/everything we have for our womanhood, I might have embraced it earlier #InternationalWomensDay
NYC, you are way overdressed today
Wearing a romper and tights today because I want peeing to take as much effort as possible
Now I remember why I never straighten my hair. #mightbetherebylunch
I love how many cis ppl I follow tweeted about de Blasio’s exec order today, but it’d be better if they fought alongside us against the hate
Tomorrow is #TCSNYCMarathon lottery day so basically I’ll be refreshing my credit card activity every 26.2 seconds. #runchat
ew.  
Matches my experience  
I love telling people to "kindly" go fuck themselves. I'm being nice about it.
It's true,   is the glue that holds this place together  
Flipping it as a positive suggests there is an acceptable level of acceptance of violence against trans people  
"A woman’s place is in the commit history." -  
*opens Tumblr iOS project in Xcode for first time in two months*

*celebrates 90th birthday before compiling finishes*
Basically how I learned (and continue) to program  
A6: Probably less like a lion or a lamb and more like this zebra. #runchat    
A5: I'd probably go about my run like normal, tbh #runchat  
A3: I never get bored outside, but I haven't figured out how to stop boredom on the treadmill yet. #runchat  
A2: pro: no cars 

con: can see my pace, takes more effort, time passes slower, no feeling of aloneness

#runchat

  
A1: As little as I can. I like being outside, alone. I like feeling the weather, the ground. I run better. #runchat  
Been a few weeks since I jumped into #runchat. Hey all, I'm Amelia from Jersey City!  
“Try to make guns as safe as possible.”

Bernie, guns are designed for the purpose of killing. #DemDebate
I just told Fry he’s my trophy cat
Programming can be very frustrating, but it's all worth it when you write something and can say "hey, that's pretty damn neat"
Been saying this for 13 years  
Oh, hey,   finally got #Falcon9  off the ground
Is   on the council?  
When   ends our weekly all team meeting with "down with the patriarchy"
Um, too late  
Unpopular opinion: 80% of code comments are unnecessary and make code hard to read.

*ducks, runs, and hides for eternity*
"WTF do you mean it's null?! It can't be null! I'm setting it on the line before! asdjkowi"

*20 minutes go by*

"Oh that's how it's null"
After using a single screen while home for 5wks, I'm trying the same at the office and I think I love it!

(I have 3 displays on my desk)
Being back at Tumblr HQ feels like being home again. I love this place so much.
This is where I dilate at work. Sorry, coworkers, my vagina has co-opted the band room  
So   wants to support a person who doesn't think trans ppl deserve equality? Why am I not surprised?  
These fuckers just can’t stop obsessing of the genitals of children  
It's wild how your surroundings can affect muscle memory for simple tasks
Noticing typos in tweets after they've been retweeted  
I weighed 135lbs this morning. Taking bets on how long it takes to put the Tumblr 10 back on.
Ghostbuster trailer. Oh fuck yes.   via  
Nothing says “welcome back” like major PATH delays and a packed platform. It looked like the L down there
Cc:   ❤️  
I’m kicking myself for not wording that in a way that’s more sensitive to people who physically cannot run
Tomorrow is my first official day back at the office and I’m excited for it. My team doesn’t know this yet. #thesurpriseisme
I spent four hours driving today and much of that time was spent rewording   lyrics to be about my cats. This is normal?
Doctor just said I can start running again in 2wks. You better believe the very first thing I did was count the weeks until #ChiMarathon
If you have to sneeze with a dilator inside of you, don’t
Doug Stamper is at Tumblr HQ right now   Tumblr  
Tumblr HQ is packed  
Oh, wow, I really thought he was going to sign it in. This is really great.  
My first time heading into the office and I feel really great. Was able to walk at almost my normal (annoying New Yorker) fast pace
We're having a   screening at   HQ tonight and I am excite
Yesterday, I was like "hey, I'm feeling pretty good today!"

Today, I'm like "I felt like shit compared to how I feel today!"
Sure, I've lost 10lbs since surgery, but 9lbs of that has been leg muscle and boobs. My legs are *so* thin now :(
March is going To be a big montH. Seriously can't wait.
I would legit TaskRabbit coffee, but then I'd still have to get up to open the door. Instead, I'm just going to die here on the couch. #rip
Not awake enough to make ☕️.

help.
Not awake enough to make ☕️.

help.
Half the NSFW things I see and people send me are from the site that I help build  
Zero! #runchat  
I'm too tired and stressed and have too much to do to go to bed
People keep trying to tell me I'm not dead inside as if being dead inside is a bad thing
Fingers crossed that I can maybe try a short run this weekend. Maybe.
My dilating is boring Hattie  
I have a dilating buddy  
Chris Christie is too high on this list.    
Conversations with    
I put on a pair of running tights to walk to the store, you won't believe what happened next
The convenience of   is great, but every other delivery has some sort of issue related to damaged products
I always have good customer service experiences with  / . Always respectful and gender me correctly. #thismatters
This is so good  
It really does make my night that Redmayne/Danish Girl didn't win. It feels like a small win for trans people. #oscars #anyonebutredmayne
#anyonebutredmayne #oscars
I fucking love Daisy Ridley
Mad Max is cleaning the fuck up #oscars
For the record, I really dislike the term "gender confirmation surgery." #oscars
Can't wait to see gifs of Tracy Morgan in a dress for the next forever #sigh #oscars
Chris Rock is not holding back at all #OscarsSoWhite #Oscars2016
Recovery update    
Yelled "fuck you" at the screen about 213 times during the #ERedCarpet interview with Eddie Redmayne. #oscars
If Eddie Redmayne/Danish Girl win tonight, I'm going to flip every table in the country. This includes yours. #oscars
When   is the more trustworthy company, you know you're fucking up,    
Finally got around to reading this. One of the most fascinating things I've read in a long time!  
Daaaaaaaaaamn  
I'm in a good mood and have been  productive today, so I agree with this right now.  
It would be super helpful if   allowed you to organize channels into groups/folders.

e.g. dev, social, activity feeds, business
Have never heard a more apt description of me:

"Amelia's careful embelishment and lush detail, invite your fancy."

 
I’ll take one, please  
Fuck you, you're not helping anyone but yourself. You're making it worse for trans people.  
I signed up for a 10k in May and a half in September. Can't wait!
Funny how you say this while proudly being a member of a party doing everything they can to remove us from existence  
Looks like I’m missing some solid gold by not watching the #gopdebate tonight
.   thinking her transition was harder than most other trans people’s shows how oblivious she is  
If you’re a republican, this is what you’re supporting. This includes you,  .  
Heading into the city for a coworker’s goin away drinks. Hoping this doesn’t end up being too much for me right now.
Woman steals  's Instagram photo and posts it to her own IG account with no credit, ends up in a   article. #grrrr
So that whole masculinity thing is going great, huh?  
This just makes me want to become a barefoot runner  
Penguins! On a treadmill!  
Only sport in the world for which this is an article  
Every time Fry tells me that their water bowl is empty, I feel like the worst piece of shit cat mom in the world
Mac beachballs on lockscreen, have to restart, apps open in different spaces and resized, Atom remembers nothing. Sigh.
Why try to stop gun violence when you can make it easier? -&gt; Republicans will push to loosen NJ gun possession laws  
And this is how Trump becomes president  
Current working situation includes a livestream of   at Tumblr HQ. Feels like I’m back in the office  
Is it me or is there a serious lack of cute dresses across pretty much all brands right now?
You know, cis people, we could solve all bathroom issues by replacing gendered bathrooms with single-person all-gender bathrooms.
Reminder, things are getting worse, not better for trans people  
I made it 24 days into recovery before the depression hit which is a lot better than I expected.
Can't believe I'm saying this, but the Galaxy S7 Edge looks kinda nice  
When you get sucked into a thing you swore you never would and then you end up full of 😠
When you get sucked into a thing you swore you never would and then you end up full of 😠
I've been switching between four different launch-blocking tickets for  this week and can't get anything to work right 😡😬😟😩😫💀
If you’d told me two years ago that we’d all be saying “poor Jeb” in 2016, I’d have thought you lost your mind, but here we are #poorjeb
Popcorn for dinner because I'm an adult
If you're CEO of a company aiming to empower woman or even just call yourself a feminist,don't include anti-sex worker language in yr tweets
9 Amazing Women Proving Every Body Is A Runner's Body  
I’m still upset about Han Solo
Shoe companies, where useable software goes to die  
Boom! --&gt; Yahoo backs Apple in fight over iPhone   via  
[Valentine]  's Valentine should be  ! Who should be yours?
via    
So these dudes got their dicks blown off and are still men? It's almost as if genitals don't determine gender. Huh.  
Checkout  's meme librarian,  , on TV talking about her job  
Please take note. Either stand up and fight for our right to exist or GTFO.  
Why do recruiters do this? And if it's a PHP position, maybe write it in PHP?  
Hey! My team is hiring an Android engineer! Tumblr is the best place to work and you'd get to experience IRL Amelia EVERYDAY! DM me
Congrats to   for winning a   Golden Code away for enabling SSL for blog pages!
A close family friend passed away Friday. The funeral was today. I was only just told a few minutes ago. No one in my family tells me shit.
Someone needs to take the calendar away from me. I keep counting weeks from when I think I might be able to run again until #ChiMarathon
It's really interesting how Republicans define "small government"  
A2: I don't have to do anything, it's always interesting or maybe that's just because I got a weird brain #bibchat  
South Dakota just passed legislation to make transgender youth illegal #HB1008
“Grape soda? Yuck! What a waste! Just have Dimetapp.” -  
I can't wait until I'm back in the office said no one ever until just now
I kind of really want to do this. I anyone I know doing it?  
When you're trans people assume you're an unlovable burden on your partner  
My transgender daughter should not have to use the men’s restroom   via  
I'm a pretty big Taylor Swift fan, but maybe we should start letting other people win #GRAMMYs
That stage looks nuts right now #GRAMMYS
"We need to make every single thing accessible" - Stevie Wonder

Yes, we really, really do!
Only slightly embarrassed by how much I love Demi Lovato's Confident
It's always a great day when   comes out to New Jersey to have lunch with me 😍
Don't be this guy  
Oh. Shit.  
Man, if someone doesn't respond to multiple emails, they're not interested. Don't hunt them down around the internet to message them more
Pretty incredible that she was able to keep running through all of that  
If you think Eddie Redmayne/Danish Girl have done anything positive, please, for the first time in your life, talk to a real trans person
Yeah, I mean, look how many states have tried to ban trans people from bathrooms since The Danish Girl  
What a time to be a kid  
wat #TWD
Walking Dead and dilate
A2: A mental health that's under control #runchat  
A1: Because it's literally the best. #runchat  
I've had a lot of ice cream today
Watching Frozen because it's frozen outside
FYI, IT'S V DAY
WTF is transgender face?  
.    
Really glad   convinced me to go out.Was really nice to leave the house!Thanks for hanging w/me   &amp;  !
Just posted a photo  
Beer tasting at Departed Soles!   Departed Soles Brewing Co.  
My first attempt at actually going out and doing something outside my house is on the coldest day of the year. Typical.
.    
First estrogen injection in seven weeks today. Back on the good stuff! Yay!
Will you be my ALFentine?  
.    
.    
.    
Scalia was awful for America, but I never celebrate any death
I step away from Twitter for a few hours and Scalia is dead? Huh
YAY  !!!!
REALLY? You're arguing race times with a woman? And calling her a liar?  
OH SHIT   chasing down   and  ! #LA2106
OH SHIT   chasing down   and  ! #LA2106
Is there anything #BernieBros aren't insufferable about? They're even in my mentions re: my calling coverage of the trials sexist
100% sure Kara would agree with me on this one if she were watching the coverage instead of running  
Why isn't   showing the fight for 3rd right now? #LA2016
Hey,   /  , your coverage of this is an embarrassment and a bit sexist #LA2016
Did this announcer just say "the US Olympic marathon team has been decided" while the women are still racing? #LA2016
Look how   is finishing this! Classic Meb! 😍 #LA2016
Looking like a solid call at this point #LA2016  
At this point, doesn't look like anyone behind   is catching her for 3rd. Still a ways to go, but looking p good for Des #LA2016
Why does   think anyone watching the trials right now cares about any of these other sports? #LA2016
Sheesh,   is such a fucking machine out there #LA2016
Kinda messed up that I can get a better picture of what's going on the in race from Twitter than from watching live on   #LA2016
NBC's coverage of this race is pretty awful so far #LA2016
We’re having an Olympic Trials marathon viewing party. Not sure if I’m more excited to watch the race or to get to see some friends #LA2016
Very excited to watch the Olympic Trials marathon today! #LA2016
This is not helpful gearman  
I'm drinking a beer! It's been almost four weeks since I could have a beer.
RTing this from the bed I haven’t left in almost two weeks  
Same  
Bernie, bad way to answer that question, man. #demdebate
I think Hillary's tactic agains Bernie is "just sound reasonable." #DemDebate
I like what Bernie is saying about healthcare, but I think Hillary is right about what's more feasible in this country #DemDebate
Can someone please tell Bernie he’s also establishment? #DemDebate
It’s disgusting how much water we waste in this house waiting for it to warm up
I don't care about OK Go, but their music videos are always awesome. I wonder how much this cost to film  
You know,  , your software is shit.
Speaking of searches, this   one did not go as planned  
Whoever is trying to find out if I’ve had FFS, I’m flattered, but I haven’t  
These are good!!  
What even the fuck  
I have two pull requests I'm trying to review that total 30k lines changed. And asking the devs to break them up isn't an option anymore 😬🔫
Was just thinking about how amazing it feels to really push yourself on a run :(
It begins  
This is kind of a fucked up ad  
Bring on the bees  
A3: Always beer. Always. Sometimes I'll have two dinners. Never take a nap though. #bibchat #bibchat  
A2: Either pizza or chicken noodle soup #bibchat   
Well. Fry just stole my taquito
Unpopular opinion: Sriracha just isn’t that good. 100% overrated.
Yeah, I miss my training too, DailyMile, but everyone's gonna have to just wait, k?  
Finally starting to feel well enough to start getting anxious for when I can run again
Remember, even NYC isn't safe for trans people. No where is.  
100% sure this is not what I actually said  
This can also be applied to most things outside of programming as well  
Look, I'll wear what I want, okay?  
Me: I really really really really really really like you
 : That's nice

:/
Well, this has been an eventful dilation. Hattie figured out how to open the bedroom door and came running in and the landlord showed up
Donald Trump’s Campaign, Billed as Self-Funded, Risks Little of His Fortune  
I feel like Megyn Kelly could be pretty rad if she wasn't so awful
Why is Will Ferrell dressed like Teddy Roosevelt on The Late Show?
This Obama bit on the Late Show is kinda great
Did someone give the Panthers my dilation lube? Because I thought I spilled it all on my work computer's laptop #sb50
More like Fumble Bowl 50! amirite?! #sb50
Damn, Helen Mirren getting serious and dropping bombs #sb50
Now men need their razors to also be transformers? #sb50
And this commercial is just people making out ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #sb50
OMG this super bowl babies commercial is so weird and awkward. Kids singing about their conception. #sb50
Have we reached peak Neil deGrasse Tyson yet?  
SO MANY WEINERS! #sb50
I'm sorry, but the Fitbit Blaze is hideous. Would not put that on my wrist. #sb50
Literal shit commercials &gt; that LG commercial #sb50
Bey don't even need a stage #sb50 #HalftimeShow
BOOO HISSS  
Coldplay is obnoxiously boring #sb50
"Hey, you get to attend the Super Bowl! Only catch is you have to participate in a Coldplay performance" #sb50
I don't even drink soda much, but if Janelle Monae is pitching it, hand me a fucking Pepsi #sb50
I don't even drink soda much, but if Janelle Monae is pitching it, hand me a fucking Pepsi #sb50
Carolina needs some glue gloves or something #sb50
Constipation from opioids was my life last week #sb50
A commercial about poop #sb50
A constipation commercial #sb50
Pretty sure I'd go straight for Ryan Reynolds
Ryan Reynolds 😍 #sb50
Fucking Michael Bay #sb50 #ninjaturtles #tmnt
Like a transphobic joke for children?  
The Broncos defense is dominating Carolina's offense #sb50
Yeah, I just don't even understand this Mountain Dew Kickstart commercial #sb50
Actually liked that Audi ad a lot #sb50
Maybe we can stop with the whole deadbeat dads = lolz thing? #sb50
Not even going to waste by energy on that Snickers commercial #sb50
Why would I want a Michelob Ultra after a workout when I could have a good beer instead #sb50
With a name like Clete, you know he was born to be an NFL ref #sb50
All about Lady Gaga's eyeshadow right now #sb50
Crying over how much I love cats&amp;dogs and want more but am afraid I couldn’t give them all enough attention and they’d be sad #catladytweets
#deflategate at #PuppyBowl
I'm showered! For the first time in 10 days! And after a *long* fight, my hair is no longer a tangled and knotty mess! #imissedshowers
Was I too harsh? #fuck  
How even am I supposed to review this?  
OMG OMG OMG when Luke pushes Jess into the lake!
Okay.  
I got sliced all the fuck up!    
When   leaves our apartment, we have to pat her down and check her bag to make sure she's not catnapping Hattie
Writing another doozy of a blog post.

When this goes up, I would advise not reading it. Seriously, don't.
I just ordered a romper. I'm very conflicted about this decision.
See, this is fucked b/c I don’t even care what it looks like down there. What’s important is the feeling of oneness  
"Some people were born with dicks, some people were born to be dicks." -  
Anyway, I’m sure algo timeline won’t come to the 3rd party API so I’m a happy   user right now
I always feel like I sound to Twitter like anti-staff Tumblr users do to us
Why is Twitter so hell-bent on destroying Twitter?
Sigh. Not even X-Files is safe from transphobia.
OMG WHAT?! Another Replacements book?! All Over But The Shouting was my everything  
Maybe we should just eject the entirety of America into space  
No sex? No drinking? Geez, CDC, you're a real buzzkill this week
Basically, this is anti-trans legislation with the excuse of "won't someone please think of the bureaucracy?!"  
Yuuuuup.  
Funny because Bernie always sounds angry and like he’s yelling  
RELEASE: State Anti-Transgender Bathroom Bills Threaten Transgender People’s Health, Participation in Public Life  
Yeah…been there   
me: *squeezes lube onto dilator and sighs* Well, this is my life now
For women/LGBT people, probably closer to a million times better  
Thundersnow!
Hey media everywhere, please stop referring to Roosh as a "pick up artist." You're downplaying how awful he actually is.
So Leela definitely understands how doorknobs work, it would appear. She's just incapable of actually manipulating them. #cats
Probably TMI here, but I just dilated for the first time. What a boring process.
Same  
Would love to know why wifi works great in the bedroom only when   is not home, at which point it becomes entirely unusable.
Little known fact about me: I was in a frat in college

Also, I don't disagree.

 
Wild how ppl use science only when they think it backs up their opinion. "Climate change is a lie! Trans ppl are perverts b/c chromosomes!"
Wild how ppl use science only when they think it backs up their opinion. "Climate change is a lie! Trans ppl are perverts b/c chromosomes!"
I think more accurately, Jesus *was* carbs?  
This is wild  
A2: Location itself is less important than having a route with minimal distractions and crossings and such #bibchat  
A1: The actual act of running. #bibchat  
Seriously, no one prepares you for how much this fucking sucks for a while. I can't even comprehend people who do it alone.
Pretty sure   is an actual saint at this point
WTF Fred Armisen did a man-in-a-dress gag on   now? Is there a show he's been on that he HASN'T done this? #gofuckyourself
No, Facebook, that's the last thing I want to do on you  
Well, answering the door while holding a bag of my own urine is now a thing that I've done
erryday  
THIS!  
“does not allow students, faculty, or staff to smoke, drink, or engage in premarital sex.“ This school is a buzzkill  
A cat died on TV and then I thought about my cats dying and now I'm bawling my eyes out
It's kinda maddening how much this happens  
.  ′s live tweets from #GreaseLive are everything
That’s some serious jiving #GreaseLive
A4: Moisture wicking clothes! #runchat  
A2: Mainly use DailyMile, but also record to Garmin Connect &amp; Strava. DM is clean and simple UX. A+. #runchat  
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City and I *crushed* the #DopeyChallenge in January!  
Watching #GreaseLive just makes me want to listen to Less Than Jake
Whaaaaat?  
Out of the hospital!  
Just walked about ten feet for the first time. I think that means I’m ready to run again, right?
This! I've even been doing it with the IV in my hand!  
There is zero chance I’d have gotten through the last four days without  . She’s been my rock the entire time ❤️❤️❤️😘😍
This is pretty much what it's like in our house     
Just found out   is leaving Netflix. How am I supposed to recover from surgery now?!  
Okay, when do I get to run?
If your gif doesn’t loop what even are you doing?
It’s fantastic! Would absolutely gender again!  
Thank you, everyone, for all your support and love! It means the world to me. I have the best friends, coworkers, and followers in the world
She’s out! Says her butt hurts and her throat is sore, but other than that she feels great! Thumbs up!  
Update: surgery is done and she’s in recovery! Doctor said everything went really well. Will hopefully be able to see her in an hour
Hey party peeps - this is   … I’ll be updating you on Amelia’s surgery from here.  
Would kill for a sandwich right now
Even when I'm not physically able to tweet nonsense at y'all tomorrow, I'll still be doing things on the internet!  
Something about this tweet makes me really happy  
I'm the most put together, least mess of a person in my family and I'm the transsexual
Gah, everything about this. I used to own one of these (mine had 4WS) and it was just so much fun. I still miss it.  
Also, a thing I've learned since transitioning is women have WAY raunchier and grosser conversations than men do. It's kinda great.
What I learned from watching Lip Sync Battle is no one actually knows the words to Stayin' Alive
Not only am I not interested in this, but I think it's a pretty disgusting service  
If anyone does this for me, I'm going to kindly thank them by removing their teeth with my fist  
I have to say, I'm pretty psyched I ran 143 miles in January
I have to say, I'm pretty psyched I ran 143 miles in January
Walking around the grocery store with   so she can get food for the next few days is torture #iwannaeat
😢  
Ran 4.01 miles in 34 mins and felt good. I lied last night, THIS is my last run  
And the other costs hundreds of dollars  
Running for 4.85 mi. Welp, last run for a while :(  
You can now SSL your   blogs to your heart’s content!  
Australia Day at Tumblr HQ with    
Should straight cisgender white people be allowed to have opinions?
Gosh, the nerve of trans ppl, wanting to be treated as actual humans and use bathrooms for the bodily functions they were intended for. ew.
.  Re: poll in this article: why should someone's right to use the bathroom be up for public opinion?  
I 100% agree that   races are absurdly priced  
I’ve done the least Amelia-like thing I could possibly do today.

I haven’t eaten.
I don't even understand how flat earthers exist. Their "evidence" isn't even coherent. They get a gold medal in mental gymnastics, though!
I'm probably the only person in the world who can't cry with estrogen in her body, but can turn on the water works without it
I see 2016 is shaping up to be a replay of 2015. These things just keep on coming. :(  
Americans are why we can't have nice things in America -&gt; Is Magic Kingdom’s “Skipper Canteen” taking on water?  
Trump is like a real life Simpsons character  
So   RTs someone asking ppl to donate to TransH4CK, but doesn't want to do the work to make   trans inclusive #stopbeinglazy
This kid sits on the floor of a rush hour   every morning. It’s gross, but also takes up a lot of space  
Something particularly interesting about this spammer  
The Cardinals just keep getting more and more LOLtacular tonight
Can I go to bed early tonight or are y’all gonna explode my timeline with #XFiles tweets? Do I need to just stay up and watch tonight?
I destroyed the last 6wks of running before surgery &amp; ran 19mi in #blizzard2016 this wknd! Feeling badass! #runchat  
A6: Literal everything. Reason I’m still alive. Most important thing. Happiness. Etc. #runchat  
A5: Running w/other people, cushiony shoes, treadmill #runchat   
I’ve actually done this before #runchat  
A2: More than 50% ice cover on the ground is the only thing #runchat   
A1: Well, I ran in a blizzard yesterday. Also ran during Hurricane Sandy. But freezing rain is always worst #runchat  
📷 nerdistindustries: Home Geekonomics: An Alan Rickman Tribute   #AlanRickman,   
YEAH! GO THE FUCK HOME PATRIOTS
I wanted to run 19 miles this weekend and I made it happen.

Amelia: 2
#Blizzard2016: 0

#runchat
Ran 0.6 miles in 5 mins and 51 secs and felt great. Couldn't take being at 39.42 so I did laps in my apart   
Huh, I dropped below 140lbs. That hasn’t happened in quite some time.
Put on my snowboarding jacket to go shovel out the car and found a   in the pocket. We stash these things everywhere!
The view from Liberty State Park today  
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 53 mins and felt great. Last long run before surgery, but it was fun times in   
Sorry conservatives, Freedom is closed  
When   starts a group text conversation with “speaking of penis removal…”
I kinda wanna go 🏂 tomorrow, but I feel like it’ll take half the morning just to dig out the car
Maybe watching #UntoldER five days before surgery is a bad idea
I want "may the course be with you" so bad.  
This is America in 2016  
The most exhausting five miles I've ever run, but so much fun!! #blizzard2016 #runchat  
Pre-run cat snuggles. Why does my head look like it's shaped weird?  
This ❄️🌨☃️ is really making it hard to achieve my goal of 🏃ing as much as possible before getting 🔪ed
Spend your snow day binging on   today! It’s SO good and SO real! Won’t even take you that long to watch it all! #blizzard2016
How am I supposed to survive this blizzard if I can’t drink? Isn’t that the whole point of blizzards?
.   wants to get an Watch and I’m really on the fence between talking her out of it and encouraging it
Snow?  
Oh, fucking finally  
This is GREAT! Hoping   will follow suit since the follow IOC rules.  
The last two hours of work have been nothing but half the company shitposting across multiple slack channels at the same time
Always choose death  
Are you excited?!?  
Currently writing the most ridiculous blog post I've ever written
Yup, this is about how it goes. "Finding fun in pain" is the one you never think will happen to you  
OMG WHAT IS HAPPENING?! I blame you      
Know this very well  
Every single person involved in not making Rey merchandise should lose their job  
Ran 8.03 miles in 1 hour and 3 mins and 44 secs and felt great. Really awesome post-work run along the Wes   
This run tho  
This run tho  
January Tumblr femgineer lunch!  
I want to live in a world were being trans is so irrelevant that there’s no reason to tweet about it.I prefer tweeting about *anything* else
Cis people touch each other’s genitals because lolz then call trans people perverts and deny us access to bathrooms  
Then maybe stop talking for a bit and start listening instead of making it worse for the rest of us.  
Still trying to figure out how I’m supposed survive without running for 6+ wks. My mind has basically already packed its bags and left town
Ran 10.56 miles in 1 hour and 29 mins and felt great. After work run with   and our Jersey C   
Big thanks to   for taking a walk with me earlier when I was about to explode. #ameliadiffused
me: *blows brains out*
me: *stares at brains splattered on wall and floor*
me: *drops lifelessly to the ground*
me: *has no more problems*
Why is it nigh impossible to get two different doctors to communicate? Why is the onus for this on the patient?
"Everything is awful and terrible and literally the worst, but also maybe it's not that bad?"
It's  's birthday and I just puked a mess of emojis all over her Facebook
.   is asking the important questions  
Agree with this 100%. Walt’s 2.5 things also mirrors how I use my Apple Watch.   
Time and again, conservative cis men prove they are the real perverted predators     
A5: My only line is if the ground is too icy to safely run on. Will run in any temps/weather otherwise #bibchat  
A4: A ziplock bag to protect my phone from the sweat #bibchat  
A2: Honestly, sunglasses. Help with glare of sun off snow/ice and keep wind and snow out of your eyes! #bibchat  
Dinner isn’t important, right?
Literally just said to a guy “medically speaking, you’re an asshole”
*starting to realize that apparently general anesthesia terrifies her*
"where we're going we don't need butts" -  
But, hey, we don't need encryption or anything -&gt; Griefer hacks baby monitor, terrifies toddler with spooky voices  
These are the kinds of texts I send people  
  is my new favorite thing
Look, NYC, I know it's cold, but it's January, it's supposed to be cold #butseriouslyfuckthewind
Why are white people telling black people what MLK said and stood for? #stopthat
Wife: OMG I think there’s a dog dying downstairs!!!
Wife: Oh…no…they’re having sex.
Can I be a guacatarian? Is this a thing? Can we make this a thing?
I must talk about #DoctorWho a lot because my phone just autocorrected “doctor” to “Doctor”
Is anyone else’s dentist/office like a pushy salesman? #ugh #crownsareexpensiveyo
Nope, too icy to run in Liberty State Park right now
#runchat #bragtime Uh, I crushed the #DopeyChallenge last weekend, then turned around and crushed runs all this week  
A6b: Also, 🍻…you know, for carbs…or whatever. #runchat  
A6: GPS tracking that allows breaking down data and make changes based on it #runchat  
🌭🌮  
Damn, O’Malley getting serious #DemDebate
A5: Always run w/watch, but don’t always look at it until I’m done.I like to be able to accurately log runs #runchat  
“The federal government should have to get a warrant whether they want to come through your backdoor or front door” 😂😂😂
A4: Mostly, auto &amp; manual lapping at same time. 99% of watch features look good on paper, but are pointless #runchat  
A3: I match effort level and how I feel overall with my splits to measure progress #runchat  
A2: Accuracy, simple UI, manual+auto splits at the same time. #runchat  
A1: Garmin 220. It’s okay, but still just represents the status quo of lazy software/bad on GPS watches #runchat  
Martin reminded us that 10 is more than 8 #DemDebate
This is a fantastic primer on depression  
So, basically, it’s only natural that men would rape women when in the same room with them?  
WTF is wrong with   /  ?  
Ran 14.01 miles in 2 hours and 1 min and 15 sec and felt great. Fucking amazing run! I really didn't want to stop   
“Kissing is fucking”
“Dicks are pretty much public domain”
Guy: do you know that feeling when it’s your birthday….
Me: I don’t have a birthday
Guy: when were you born?
Me: I wasn’t
Guy: *walks away*
Not a cool way to designate the women's room,    
Hey internet creeps, can y’all stop googling “amelia gapin wife.” I can tell you’re doing it when you end up on my blog from the results
Friday  
Solo running = best running

I prefer running alone.

 
Tumblr HQ is breathing new life into 🍑 today
When you stain and ruin a shirt you really love that looks GREAT on you the first time you wear it
2016 Walt Disney World Dopey Challenge recap! (this post is giant!) #runchat #bibchat    
coworker: New hair thing today?
me: You mean a ponytail?
coworker: I like it.
me: Yeah, I can't believe I'm the first one to think of this
Y'all, my mentions are turning into a party!
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
He calls me lonely as if I'm not married.If I didn't know any better,I'd just assume he has a thing for trans ladies  
You already said that. If you're gonna troll, at least be good at it  
I'm in NYC right now! OH NO!  
This guy seems nice.  
NYC's got some problems, but there's no city that's more American. Look around at all the different ppl here living together #NewYorkValues
Ran 8.02 miles in 1 hour and 6 mins and 24 secs and felt great. Eight miles along the West Side Highway with the    
Ran 8.02 miles in 1 hour and 6 mins and 24 secs and felt great. Eight miles along the West Side Highway with the    
Does anyone in NYC wanna run along the West Side Highway with me this evening? :) :) :)
These new tumblr stickers are hotness  
🌭 two 🔪 weeks 🌮 eep
Armed police/security make me feel less safe than no security does.  
Goddamn, now #AlanRickman is gone? Fuck. This is NOT OKAY. :(
It’d be SUPER awesome if   actually took fraud seriously at all
Ran 4.1 miles in 34 mins and felt great. Whoops. Not quite the slow and easy three-day post marathon run I had pl   
If you're so sweaty that no one can tell, peeing yourself while running is 100% okay    
I don't know what I'd do with myself if it didn't feel good to run until it hurts
Reminder: Come join the running Slack and chat with other runners about running! It'll be fun! Reply or DM for more info! :) #runchat
"Instead of being like 'fuck,' it'll just be like 'oh, well fuck.'" -  
If even   can't make JavaScript seem like a reasonable language, I just don't think it's going to happen for me
With how many people break their iPhone displays, you’d think Genius Bar would have a way to force trust for a computer for one last backup
Paul Ryan can't even clap for "America is the most powerful nation on Earth?" Sheesh. #SOTU
Flight attendant &amp; pilot came on to say something about turbulence and SOTU audio came back with everyone cheering. No idea what Obama said
A1: It's on a major upswing and really on point, but an upcoming surgery means there's an expiration date #bibchat  
TSA at Orlando terrifies me so I typically try to waste no time getting in line to leave as much time as possible.
This is state-sponsored pedophilia. Why is the GOP so obsessed with the genitals of children?  
Look how great this shelfie is from our Little Mermaid clam shell!  
Channeling our inner   (part 2)  
.   and I channeled our inner   (part 1)  
The guy at the funnel cake stand liked my dance moves so much he gave us free cookies #FunAmy
If being dead is anything like the Haubted Mansion, sign me up!
Whining like a child because I wanna run,but don’t have more non-smelly running clothes w/me&amp;   won’t let me be the smelly kid
Please sign this petition to help save Liberty State Park. This is where I run.This is what saves my sanity #SaveLSP  
We picked up a hitchhiker  
I took a Mickey for the road, but it didn't even make it to the road  
Minnie! cc:    
With how many trans runners I know who were in Disney for the marathon &amp;how many others I've seen around,we need a trans WDW meetup sometime
DOMS is a bitch, yo
Highlight of today: seeing a gorilla in a bucket
“I want a slushie, but we have to go forward in time 65 million years and then go to Africa to get one.” - me while standing in DinoLand USA
This one looks like a baseball card photo #WDWMarathon  
My graveyard photo from this year is on-point. Almost as good as last years. #WDWMarathon  
My neck was tired just from taking this photo! #dopeychallenge #rundisney  
Damn, David Bowie died? Fuck.
I miss my phone. I feel so disconnected and helpless
In space, no one can smell you fart
This is true. I was running around and dancing like I'd lost my mind.  
Since I've now destroyed TWO iPhones w/my sweat while running, I don't have a phone for the rest of the trip. Sorry, no more photos :(
48.6 miles done and this medal situation has escalated #wdwmarathon #dopeychallenge #rundisney  
Race plan:
-Take it easy
-4:30 finish
-Don't shit myself

Reality:
-3:59 finish
-Water damage phone w/sweat
-Lose earring
-Almost puke
I
FUCKING
LOVE
THE
MARATHON
Oops?  
It’s 4:26am, I’m waiting to run a marathon, and I have too much energy #WDWMarathon #DopeyChallenge
Guy is going on about how the 5k is “NOT the same as the marathon.” No shit, but running a marathon doesn’t make you better than anyone else
The “bagel“ I had this morning wasn’t even a savory donut, it was just a roll
I hate to tell y’all this, but Peach isn’t going to still be a thing people use in a few weeks
#WDWMarathon!!!
Final Flat Amy for the #runDisney #DopeyChallenge. #WDWMarathon tomorrow! 😳  
Ice bath because running is dumb #dopeychallenge #wdwmarathon #runDisney  
Not even a little embarrassed by this foam rolling and ice bath playlist I made  
Enjoyed the 1.3 mile walk back to Beach Club from Hollywood Studios barefoot in the pouring rain. Not even being sarcastic, it felt great!
Not quite singin' in the rain  
No visitors, emgruns!!  
Need to go *back* to Jakku. BRB. #startours #WDW #TheForceAwakens
For all y’all on 🍑, I’m entirelyamelia
“Flatbread is not pizza”
In case anyone was afraid I might not look ridiculous today, this should ease their concerns  
This is me eating a banana #notaeuphemism  
Well,   has already posted the Bee Movie script on 🍑
Gel manicures are great, but they don’t protect against accidentally shaving off part of your nail
Take off tank top after #wdwhalf and wring it out a few times like it’s been soaking. Take off socks and they’re bone dry ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
22.4 miles done! Just 26.2 to go! #wdwhalf #dopeychallenge #runDisney  
📷 Walt Disney World Half Marathon start  
Glitch sisters #wdwhalf #dopeychallenge  
Sup. #wdwhalf #dopeychallenge #runDisney  
Time to #wdwhalf! #dopeychallenge #runDisney  
What party did I claim affiliation to?  
Also, back to the point, it’s still not communism. You’re all over the place.   
YOU having more followers than me isn’t statistically significant.Shld I show conservs I have more followers than?  
Show your work, son  
"This is called communism." No, it's not. Maybe fewer ppl subscribe to your BS than you think and that's the cause?  
#wdwhalf Flat Amy is laid out!#dopeychallenge #runDisney  
Also, finally accepted today that I’m completely fucking batshit crazy. #totalbasketcase
The part about #DopeyChallenge that changes everything vs #GoofyChallenge isn’t the extra 9.3mi, it’s the extra days on your feet #runDisney
Current status: ice bath
I legit don’t understand how this thing works and everything I try to send fails  
Some family jumped off Pirates of the Caribbean and took an emergency exit and now we’re all stuck until they’re found and accounted for
YAS!  
Pirates of the Caribbean with the audio muted is creepy
It me in  ! First time I'm actually seeing this! Thanks for giving me your copy  !! ❤️  
Fun times!  
😳😳😳  
9.3 miles down! 39.3 to go! #wdw10k #dopeychallenge  
Obligatory Phineas and Ferb #runDisney pic. #wontbethelast #wdw10k #dopeychallenge  
Humble brag? #accidentalpr is #classicdanielle  
📷 Star Wars fireworks at Hollywood Studios visible from our room at the Beach Club  
#wdw10k Flat Amy is ready! #dopeychallenge #runDisney  
Saw another trans woman staying at Disney’s Beach Club. Wanted to say hi, but…you know, you can’t.
I am GREAT at ride photos  
I am GREAT at ride photos  
How long until they add Jakku and other #TheForceAwakens stuff to Star Tours? #wdw
Literally this  
Going to Mars with   and emgruns   Mission: SPACE  
Thanks  !  
📷   
Looking at these #TheForceAwakens pins at #WDW and #WheresRey?  
Chilling with my girl Ariel  
Getting our Princess on   Akershus Royal Banquet Hall  
3.1 down, 45.5 to go! #dopeychallenge #WDW5k #runDisney  
Guy we’re talking to in line while waiting for the bus after 5k all of a sudden starts talking about how disgusting he thinks gays are.
Pre-race with emgruns #WDW5k #dopeychallenge #runDisney  
No Carissa at the #WDW5k start? #runDisney
📷 Osborne Family Lights  
Flat Amy is ready to go for the #WDW5k! #dopeychallenge #runDisney #bibchat #runchat  
Now that’s a burst  
In an elephant with   emgruns  
Mickey didn't last long   Magic Kingdom  
Due to a miscommunication, the cats got two breakfasts this morning. I’m sure they’re not complaining.
Pretty sure very few people, trans or not, can “prove their chromosomes.”  
This view will do   Disney's Beach Club Resort  
“Are any of you even 30 yet?!”

Yes, closing on 33 at this point. Thank you though! #disneynice
It’s time!!  
Last yr thought of running a Cigna sponsored race made me sick to my stomach. This yr it’s more “hey, we’re cool now, don’t fuck it up, k?”
There’s a cat in a carrier in the security line and I just want to be its friend. Is that weird?
Someone left a bag in the TSA line and no one is claiming it…

Man: someone left a bag here
TSA person: hmm! Okay.
TSA, literal bullshit.
How did they not expect people to call them out for excluding the main protagonist of the movie?  
Can’t think of any scarier words than “a Michael Bay film”
Then they’ll ruin it and there will be no good Twitter clients left  
If weeping about murdered children is wrong, there is no right left in this world
Vacation packing was so much simpler before running
Speaking of, who do I know who will be in #WDW for the #WDWMarathon / #DopeyChallenge / #GoofyChallenge / #runDisney who wants to meet up?
Packing for a #racecation with four races and temps varying from 50s to 80s and a whole lotta whimsy is challenging af
10,000 character tweets kind of removes the point of Twitter existing, but hey it's not like Twitter makes good decisions anyway
Ran 3.17 miles in 28 mins and felt good. Brrrrr! 11º with 14mph winds! I WAS NOT PREPARED FOR THIS! This winter h   
Why is this a thing? Y'all say trans ppl are weird,but I dunno,you cis ppl do shit like this    
At least it’s going to be 12° for my run in the morning
The PATH is delayed during rush hour. HAPPY 2016!
"While I do not identify as trans,I am queer when it comes to gender."

You don't have to call yourself trans,but that kinda makes you trans
Person: X! And Y!
Me: I'd have to disagree with Y because 
Person: How dare you say that about X!
Me: ???
Why is the Disney World site a literal turd?
Then why even do I run?  
Me: *sees someone praise Jill Soloway for "showing sex/gender/sexuality complexity"*

Me: Oh no no no no this can't go un-refuted
Oh shit, I'm going to Disney World in two days! Almost forgot about that! #gonnahangwithamouse
This is unacceptable. If you're a bagel scooper, please unfollow me, we're not friends anymore. #mightnotbejoking  
I love that winter finally decides to show up on the first work day after the holidays ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I haven’t gone into work in two weeks and I’ve let my sleep schedule go to hell. LOLZ at my 5:30am alarm.
A3: #DopeyChallenge next weekend! 5k, 10k, half, marathon 😳 #runchat   
#PHLvsNYG is basically a game that doesn’t matter between two teams who will be looking for new coaches
My bagel place didn’t have any everything bagels left. What’s even the point of going on with today?
The kitchen is where I belong*

*there is food in the kitchen and I eating

 
The only TV I’ve watched in 2016 so far is about 20 episodes of The Twilight Zone
Ran 7.02 miles in 59 mins and felt great. What a great run today! Nice easy effort and beautiful, though windy, w   
Would love to see the iOS battery widget show the battery level for all devices connected to your iCloud account and also be in OS X.
According to conservatives:

Ppl:
-straight white cisgender men
-fetuses

Not ppl:
-babies
-women
-black ppl
-gay ppl
-trans ppl
-poor ppl
People who complain about “PC culture” &amp; people being too easily offended are the same ones who are offended by the mere existence of women
I want to do a daily coding thing this year. Any suggestions for lists of ideas/projects/challenges?
Current status: these cats  
If you connect   Connect to   and run with both Strava app and a Garmin, Strava doesn’t de-dupe your runs and you get doubles 😡
I’m running a 5k, 10k, 13.1, &amp; 26.2 next week, I should respect my taper plan, but I don’t wanna start the year off without a run #runchat
Fry and I are celebrating 2016 with a nap  
So I guess that means the future is officially never now
How is Jenny McCarthy still a thing?
I got literally zero happy New Years texts this year. Maybe my wish of not have friends came true for 2016!
“I just lost my shit at spaghetti” -  
“You need a discreet penis” -  
“2016, year of the pocket pussy.” -  
Last spironolactone ever #nospiro2016  
Cheeeeese!  
No YOU just caught up on 800 unread tweets from the last few hours
Having a root beer before party time  
And with that 10k, 2015’s final mile total is 1212. 292 fewer than last year, but I’m still pretty happy with how I ended the year #runchat
And with that 10k, 2015’s final mile total is 1212. 292 fewer than last year, but I’m still pretty happy with how I ended the year #runchat
Not surprising at all the Lucas didn’t like TFA, but the world is a better place because he wasn’t involved  
Why?  
Why am I still awake?
I have no idea if my outfit for tonight works, but ask me how many fucks I give. Okay, don't ask me, I'll just tell you. Zero fucks.
Replenished our supply of    
Not a lot of places where you get to make commit messages like this  
Both my doctor's scale yesterday and my home one today say 142lbs (what I consider "normal"), but none of my clothes are fitting right :(
Every Slack org should have a #scream channel  
I still can't get behind 16:9 computer displays. Gimme 16:10, please.
Too fucking early for mansplaining. Nope. GTFO.
Please, I beg of you, pick at most two means of messaging me. None of this iMessage+Hangouts+FB Messenger+Slack/Slacks+Snapchat+Tumblr BS
A6: 2016 is going to be mostly about recovery and building back up. Would love to 26.2 in the fall though! #bibchat  
A5: I started foam rolling…sometimes. #bibchat  
A4: DNSing   #bibchat  
OMG I KIND OF WISH I DIDN'T WATCH THIS
🌭🔪🌮

😬😳

🍆  
A1: Ugh, I could name them all in a single tweet &amp; still have chars left over. #WDWMarathon was fave tho! #bibchat  
This is why we can’t have things. Fixed that for you.  
Anyone want some cats? We have a special going right now, three for the price of none! #thisdealwontlast
Damn, Eagles didn’t even wait until after Sunday’s game to fire Chip
This *can’t* be real. Like…it just can’t be…right? Please tell me it’s not real.  
I go to open the door to the DR office &amp;  there was more resistance than expected. Some (un)helpful man goes “you have to push.” Eat a fart.
Went to type `bundle update` and naturally typed `brunch update` instead #feedme
30 days 😳
tfw *three* backups fail you
So tired of hearing people say desktop/web is going away. Nope.  
I don’t think   appreciated my advice when she was complaining about her lazy eye  
TIL don't try to change your OS X username. No matter how careful you are, something is going to break and you'll end up reinstalling OS X
How many grand juries have decided that black lives don’t matter this year? Disgusting.
I’m committed to becoming a bageltarian in 2016
When you have to get back out of bed because you forgot to take your last estrogen injection for 7 weeks. #steerclearofmeuntilmidfebruary
Huh, apparently this happened two years ago today. Who knew?  
I forgot how wild of a day this was  
My #runchat brag is finishing out the week with an unplanned 20-miler and hitting 52 miles!  
A7: A rollercoaster. #runchat  
A5: Where to even start? Running 3 marathons. Sub-3:30 marathon time. BQ. #runchat   
A3: Eep…uh…what if I don’t have one? This year was a pretty big running disappointment. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #runchat  
A2: I have a few routes I do through Liberty State Park, but sometimes I change ‘em up &amp; make it up as I go #runchat  
A1: I tend to google it, but mostly end up winging it…doesn’t always work out as well as I’d like. #runchat  
It’s #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Today took care of any remaining 2015 goals that were attainable.  
Hi  , I signed up and was asked my gender. I selected female. On the next screen, I was asked again and male was defaulted. Not cool.
I was supposed to run 17 miles today, but sometimes things happen ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
*goes to grab energy gel for long run, notices they’re all expired* #runchat
A police car had its siren on in the distance and it sounded like a Cylon Raider.

I’ve watched a lot of Battlestar Galactica this week.
My sleep schedule has been completely destroyed in the last week. Went from waking up 5:30-6:30 everyday to 8-9. Fuck.
The Everyday Sexism of Women Waiting in Public Toilet Lines   via  
.   didn’t even get an adult one, she got a child one  
What even is happening right now? #PHLvsWAS
“What…what am I doing?” - me to myself with every line of code I write
Do I watch an episode of Doctor Who I’ve seen a half dozen times or switch to the Eagles game. hmm…
Is there an actual good Mac email client that properly supports Gmail labels?
This is true. Like, seriously, we’re normal people, just have a conversation with one of us?  
6.2 Christmas miles done! #runchat
I’m not supposed to run today, but maybe I should give myself the gift of a run anyway
Merry Christmas, friends! 🎅🎄🎁😸🌮
I spent two hours trying to hunt down a bug. Turns out there is no bug and I just don’t know how the API I created works.
Imagine if getting a real gun was even as hard as getting a BB gun is in A Christmas Story
It…it was…soap…poisoning
same.  
Last run around the block for “jingle balls Amy”
Watching Siri sass the fuck out of   while she asked serious questions is making my day
Watching Siri sass the fuck out of   while she asked serious questions is making my day
“Do we need to go get a nut bag? Let’s Google nut bags.” -  
.   just asked me if we have a nut milk bag and I legit thought she was asking for a condom
Will Fred Armisen just come out as a trans woman already?! SO sick of him constantly doing the man-in-a-dress gag in everything he touches
Ran 10.01 miles in 1 hour and 26 mins and felt great. Christmas Eve done right. It's ridiculously warm out, but t   
Headwind out, tailwind back. Just the way I like it.
I really like Christmas, but I hate giving and receiving gifts. It makes stresses me out and makes me anxious.
Not only is this not any better, but it demonstrates a complete lack of understanding of TSA’s problem w/trans ppl  
Some show on my TV right now is debating whether or not men and women can be friends. Shut up. Just stop. I hate you. This is ridiculous.
This is accurate.  
Men, I don’t need your opinions on what I wear when I run. I don’t wear it for you. After 8yrs and 7 marathons,I think I know what I’m doing
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 9 mins and 51 secs and felt good. Rain run!! Started off feeling kinda tired and my    
Got the same thing. Why?  
At some point, you accept only being funny to yourself
"If it's not going to melt my face off, why am I going to waste time eating it?"
Only at Tumblr would I be able to write a peer review with the phrase "get down with the FuckYeahness" in it
It's the fucking Catucky Derby in here. Fry and Hattie just keep sprinting back and forth across the apartment.
I don't make the rules, I merely live by them  
Having a bot that auto replies to tweets with "productivity" is not improving anyone's productivity.  
How much human productivity is lost annually from time spent trying to find an emoji?
Wanna chat with all your favorite running buddies all the time? Join the Slack for runners! DM/reply to join! #runchat #bibchat
Love the headline on this article  
I've got the Tumblr TV app going on my TV while working from home so it's basically like I'm in the office
Just hit me that things will work out so yesterday was the last day I have to get up at 5:30 to run/spin until at least mid-March. Weird.
So, I created this Slack for runners, but I have no idea how to properly explain slack to non-tech people in a single tweet.
"I don't think life needs to be this complicated." Being trans isn't complicated, bro. It's really simple, actually.  
Everyone follow  's new tumblr blog   I have no idea what kind of content she'll post, but why not?
Read this story about my friend  ! --&gt; Tumblr's Meme Librarian has the best job on the Internet  
The last thing I ever see before I die of old age will be the inside of this post office
My training last week: 5 workouts for 40.02 mi and 4407 calories burned  
The TSA’s Discriminatory Policies Against Trans People Are Even Worse Than You Think   via  
Is there a Slack for running? If not, would anyone be interested if I created one? #runchat #bibchat
Because I really needed to be in another slack
I'm jealous of an entire generation of girls who will get to grow up with Rey
A4: Don’t travel to&amp;cheer a race you trained HARD for &amp; decided to DNS 2wks before unless you like crying. #runchat  
A3: Probably #WDWMarathon in January. I went in not trained &amp; expecting a DNS. Had the most fun race ever! #runchat   
A1: Give me a whole truckload of New Balance 1600s and I’ll be the happiest gal around! #runchat  
Weather for today’s run was nearly perfect. Low 40s, sunny, very light wind. Also, hey, I’m Amelia from NJ. #runchat  
Ran 15.01 miles in 2 hours and 13 mins and 27 secs and felt great. Great run today! I wanted to keep going for 16   
Guy was staring at me the entire PATH ride tonight and then him and his buddy took a photo of me and started laughing at it
I’m the kind of gal who will change her router’s DNS settings just to watch Battlestar Galactica
Looks like I’m seeing #TheForceAwakens again tomorrow evening
So many post cards to sign  
In the last 43 hours, I’ve slept 4 hours. Oops.
Current situation at Tumblr HQ right now is literally just drones flying around being shot at with Nerf guns. Fridays.
Tumblr brass knuckles  
If you're a developer and you can't explain to a non-technical person how something you created works, you're the problem not them.
Rey is everything  
Had to get up and speak at all team and I only dropped one f-bomb so I'm counting that as a success
Why?  
I try to avoid spoilers for things, but I also don't make *big* of a deal out of it. I don't think spoilers ruin things, they just change it
Christmas gift from my manager. This will be fun and help pass the time while I'm immobile in Feb  
Having reserved seats for #TheForceAwakens was great. No lines. No crowds. No anxiety. Totally pleasant experience.
So when can we talk about #TheForceAwakens? I need to talk about this.
That…felt like my childhood
I need to talk about this! Fuck.

I have feels.
Fuck. Wow. Fuck.
There’s a line for the women’s room at Star Wars
Time for a Star War
G-to-LBT ratio at this party is roughly 99:1
Scrolled through the list of ppl on Facebook going to this Out in Tech thing tonight. There's like 2 other chicks besides me #iwontlastlong
✅8 miles
✅Femgineer lunch
✅Work
     Out in Tech holiday party
     Star Wars
     💀⚰🛏😴💤
Also, SO much trans stuff happened this year besides Caitlyn Jenner that could have been used in her place  
Made the mistake of reading the replies to this tweet  
📷 thelionandtheunicat: staff: The perfect gift: It’s TUMBLR TV for the new Apple TV, and it does exactly   
Hi   and  , I don't now which one of you is responsible for this, but it's 100% unacceptable.  
Along with our 458 channels and 238974623 custom emojis  
When I run in the morning, I spend the rest of the day just being like "wow, everything is amazing. life is awesome. the world is great"
In case you were wondering what kind of day   is having  
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 14 mins and 51 secs and felt alright. Holy tired legs that was slow! Though, I'm gla   
Can we put Martin Shkreli on a rocket to Venus?
LOL!  
Truth!  
Ran 8.98 miles in 1 hour and 13 mins and 46 secs and felt great. First time ever running on the Manhattan side of   
Ran 8.98 miles in 1 hour and 13 mins and 46 secs and felt great. First time ever running on the Manhattan side of   
Ran 8.98 miles in 1 hour and 13 mins and 46 secs and felt great. First time ever running on the Manhattan side of   
Tangle-free earbuds are fucking life changing
Also, I felt like I was cheating on Jersey City by running on the other side of the Hudson
When you're running on the West Side Highway and run into   and  
I'm 100% sure this is physically impossible  
When your pull request includes the sentence "Yes, these are lesbians"
Doesn’t everyone?  
Surprise Manicube at work this afternoon!

*feels sorry for whoever has to deal with her gross nails*
Kind of surprised there are still tons of tickets left for Star Wars tomorrow. Just snagged mine.
Get on PATH and woman is leaning on pole and won’t move so I could hold on. Then her friend stared at me the whole ride.
“Unleashing small businesses” #GOPDebate
Ted Cruz is just listing words he’s heard before #GOPDebate
Y’all realize there’s zero chance that’s a real account, right? Like just take a look at it. Created this month.  
Look, Ben, I know you used to be a brain surgeon, but can you stop using medical metaphors for everything? kthx #GOPDebate
Jeb! has done a great job derailing Trump tonight. #GOPDebate
If Trump thinks this is tough, just wait to see what Hilary does to him in a debate #GOPDebate
Hey  , these Best Buy ads on your site are destroying my CPU/memory
Why is Cruz’s mic still on? Why was it ever on? #GOPDebate
Trump got close to almost making sense for a second there and Twitter got real quiet. #GOPDebate
I prefer running sneaks!  
Margaret Thatcher. Yup. #GOPDebate
A GOP audience booing Trump might have been the best sound I’ve ever heard #GOPDebate
Yes. This is literally what he is supporting. #GOPDebate   
If political correctness is killing people, I wonder what bigotry is doing then? #GOPDebate
Not sure Trump quite understands what the internet is or how it works. #GOPDebate
Carly Fiorina is talking about the US Gov being behind in technology. Has anyone checked up on HP recently? #GOPDebate
I see we’re only defining violence by Muslims as terrorism tonight. And these dildos are talking about keeping America safe. LOL #GOPDebate
I can assure you Rand Paul, Rubio has no allegiance to the left. He’s a textbook dildo…I mean Republican #GOPDebate
Why aren’t we asking these dildos about gun violence which kills a gazillion more Americans than anything they’re talking about? #GOPDebate
WTF is Carly Fiorina even talking about? No, seriously, someone translate this to reality for me #GOPDebate
Candidates keep saying Obama hasn’t kept us safe, but the real threat here is guns and police brutality. Two things they all love #GOPDebate
Has Trump ever actually defined “great?” #GOPDebate
Trump says things that don’t even make sense and the crowd applauds. It’s not just Trump supporters that are scary, it’s the GOP #GOPDebate
Carly Fiorina talking about being tested. She’s failed literally everything she’s ever done in her career. #GOPDebate
Chris Christie talking about betrayal. LOL. I guess shutting down a bridge over a grudge doesn’t count as betraying New Jersey? #GOPDebate
Rand Paul didn’t sound like a complete dildo just now? Weird. #GOPDebate
It’d be great if instead of a bell, their mics instantly shut off the moment they hit the time limit #GOPDebate
Reince Priebus sounds like a dildo #GOPDebate
Did this commentator on CNN just call the #GOPDebate an “honest” discussion? LOL
I don’t know that I’ve got it in me to sit through the main #GOPDebate tonight
OMG Pataki, One World Trade Center is not a building to brag about. It’s a boring embarrassment that took way too long to build. #GOPDebate
As always,   is nails it perfectly --&gt; An open letter to Caitlyn Jenner  
QUICK AMELIA: 👏 stop 👏 telling 👏 women 👏 what 👏 is 👏 and 👏 isn't 👏 helping 👏 them. Asshole.  
She's already said she wanted to learn and then shown she can't just shut up and listen for a while. F that.  
HeyLadies Slack channel today at Tumblr.    
You really s-mashed that one  
Married life with    
Christmas is next week? WTF?
I'm an ass and didn't recognize   in the elevator yesterday
We had avocado toast and PB&amp;J toast for breakfast this morning and now my day feels amazing
I looked festive af today. Just need a better spot at work for outfit photos.  
"Sorry I keep making everything worse because I won't stop talking about things I clearly know nothing about"  
Legs didn't feel like running this morning so I guilted myself into signing up for my first   class in two months tonight ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Self evaluations are terrible for people with depression, anxiety, and low self worth. :(
I have a pretty good guess what the rest of this jizz-stick's 241,899 tweets are  
I get the nicest commenters on my blog  
Sleepy kitty  
My Christmas prize came early  
Left half of this bed:
- me
- Fry
- Leela
- Hattie

Right half:
-  
Y’all, the stuff   and   are doing with the   UI is fucking gorgeous. I can’t wait until we can launch this.
A5: I haven’t run with music in years. Takes away from the zoning out. #runchat  
A3: Both are nice in their own way. Bigger races can have more energy, smaller ones can be less stressful #runchat  
A2a: When I’m training, I imagine myself approaching the 26.2 finish line after a great race. #runchat  
A1: 80%. I’d be happier if it was 100%, tbh. #runchat  
Hey #runchat, I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Favorite running related word is #runger!  
I don’t feel like “yes” properly expresses how strongly in favor of lifetime bans I am  
“Excuse me, I need to see your genitals so we can protect privacy”  
Wait…what?  
lol cowboys

cc:  
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 57 mins and felt alright. Felt like the longest 13.1 miles ever. I just didn't ever    
“I’m so sorry about your herpes” #thingsisaytomycat
Ppl are defending Caitlyn Jenner because she’s still new to this. I don’t think that’s an excuse for making things worse for the rest of us
The middle of December and I ran in shorts in a mesh tank ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Wishing I could erase the memory of anyone who just watched this parking job I did
Don't be this person  
📷 Tumblr white elephant!  
Holy goddamn fuck  . Go fuck yourself with a cactus. You're awful.    
I prefer the     
90% of   and I communicating is just us trolling each other
Pretty much, yeah  
GO US!  
Men, next time you want to correct a woman about woman things maybe don't instead?
Men, next time you want to correct a woman about woman things maybe don't instead?
Ran 8.02 miles in 1 hour and 9 mins and 59 secs and felt great. Perfect running weather this morning! Only proble   
I'm oddly excited for this accessibility workshop we're having today
Someone bring me all the bagels in New York.

All. Of. Them.
Sorry everyone, tumblr is over. We all died from too much alcohol last night.
📷 More holiday party  
📷   
📷 Tumblr holiday party  
When they just start handing out cronuts to everyone at work   Tumblr  
In which  , creator of  , uses "penis" as a stand-in for "man."  
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 11 mins and 12 secs and felt good. Gonna go ahead and thank my stubbornness and body   
This is like the least Apple thing ever. Ew.  
Sheesh, even Dick Cheney thinks Trump is wrong, marking the first time I’ve ever been on the same side as Cheney  
Just discovered that my dress for the work holiday party tomorrow has pockets! Everything’s coming up Amy!
Firing Trump into space sounds great, but what about his supporters? Shoot me into space instead. #needoffthisplanet  
You'll have to excuse me, I'm wearing a fox  
My depression involves very little actual sadness  
Happy 21st birthday  ! You old now.
A5: I actually like hill repeats #runchat   
Just opened official Twitter app for 1st time in a while. How do you ppl use this thing? Overwhelming &amp; cluttered. So much injected crap
A1: I’ll sometimes throw compression socks on at night, but I’d do it more if there was more science on it #runchat  
So I see we’re still making Alvin and the Chipmunks movies
Alright, FINE I’ll foam roll! But I’m not going to like it!
So much pomegranate 😍  
lol patriots
How long is seitan safe to eat past the “best by date?”
Fried cheese curds for breakfast ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
I’ve spent the whole morning trolling  . This will not end well for me.
I was actually trying to type “duck” and my phone just autocorrected it to “fuck.” Can’t win.
Tonight is Star Wars marathon night at Tumblr HQ. All three movies straight through.
I Made Everyone Feel Awkward, A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
Um, I just refilled these pills for the last time ever 😳😳😳  
Can we talk about this,  ? I feel like maybe that should be "gals" instead of "girls."  
This week another one of my favorite shows disappointed me by using trans ppl as the punchline of a joke. Was little more than trans = lolz
I’m Proud of Being Trans, and I Don’t Care About Passing   via  
Leela is in the bathtub giving herself a bath. I guess that makes sense.
This chick at the bar better stop staring at me
The Senate voting to defund #PlannedParenthood instead of addressing guns proves the GOP is the least pro-life group on the planet
Perfect  
FYI, this is happening on   today. Don't miss it!   #JessicaJones  
HOLY SHIT WHAT IS THIS?  
I woke up to run this morning, but my calf still just weird enough that I decided it was better not to run. Now I wish I had. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Inequality can't be fixed in private  
Same  
Same  
How is Alex Jones a person?  
Not even just not working, but actively getting worse  
If you value praying more than people's lives, the GOP is the party for you
I don't get it, these people who say "this wouldn't have happened if these people had guns," are they suggesting shootouts in the streets?
A thing that scares me is somewhere there's a guy thinking "fuck, they stole my shooting idea"
Who's to say he hasn't already?  
When do we get to give up on humanity and put us all on a one-way trip into the sun?
Fire your congressman next election.  
Literally at the point now where before I tweet anything I check if there's been another shooting so as to not accidentally be an asshole
I thought I was completely dead inside, but then I read this and my heart broke into 1000 pieces &amp; I started to cry  
#teamleggingsaspants  
Fuck. How did I miss this? Found out from the doorwoman at my office who was worried about me  
It took me a long time to be able to say this. I still struggle with it sometimes. #bibchat  
A6: It fixes the worst of days/depression/anxiety #bibchat  
Okay, so given what was just shown on #ScreamQueens, I have a bad feeling about a possible reveal that would not be cool at all
A5: Aside from shopping in the women’s section now, it really hasn’t changed in the last five years. #bibchat  
A5: Aside from shopping in the women’s section now, it really hasn’t changed in the last five years. #bibchat  
A2. Mash tank top, sports bra, shorts, headband, and sneakers. All I need! #bibchat  
A1: That it actually feels amazing and makes everything better #bibchat  
I’mma try to do #bibchat tonight! I’m Amelia from NJ! Here’s me during my awful run on Sun    
I bought 8 pairs of boots online on Black Friday with the intention to return all but 1 or 2 pairs, but…what if I just keep them all?
I seriously can’t believe the beer mile world championships are a serious thing #FloBeerMile
Legs feel so much better today than they did yesterday…which is good because my mental health can’t take another rest day right now
I just had the best customer service experience with  
I love this  
But her not seeking out help made her 1000x more relatable to me. Bad decisions &amp; coping mechanisms are flaws I know  
The moment I realized what that's an image of, my heart broke into a thousand pieces  
I wrote some code a couple weeks ago and now, for the life of me, I can't figure out how/why it actually works. This should've never worked.
In America, we boring ass One WTC. Elsewhere, they build beautiful, modern, and inspiring buildings like this  
Actually, the less time he spends in NJ, the better off we are. Y'all can keep him out there on the campaign trail  
Um, it’s literally not hard at all? I do it dozens of times every day without even thinking about it. #imhilarious  
Looks like the first present under the tree is a cat convention  
No ornaments up yet, but there's now 9.5ft worth of Christmas tree for Hattie to climb  
Ugh. I guess I gotta hate watch this so I know what new kind of BS cis ppl are telling other cis ppl about trans ppl  
Every so often, my brain likes to do this thing where it goes "EVERYONE HATES YOU AND IS EXCLUDING YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE LITERALLY THE WORST"
Not as bad as the ol’ accidental CMD-Q when you meant CMD-W in Chrome/Safari on OS X. #worstshortcuts  
Seriously, don't say "Thai" around me if you're not prepared to get me Thai food like immediately
This is the most Apple thing ever. I can't imagine anything in tech I want less than a thinner iPhone.  
Just realized I confused some stuff   did w/  earlier. In my defense, you try keeping the GOP's asinine shit straight
As someone with a severe "eye thing," this is terrifying to me. That poor child :(  
My legs feel like I ran a marathon, but I didn't run anything close to a marathon. What gives?
Anyone see any good #CyberMonday deals on ~27" monitors? Just realized I should probably get one since I'll be WFH for a few weeks next year
In 1995, I was talking to people on the internet ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Morning rush hour and this guy decides to sit on the disgusting floor of the PATH train. 😬  
We clearly have different definitions of “good”  
Why’s foam rolling gotta hurt so damn much?
Loving all the answers regarding mental health and therapy for #runchat A6
A6: Reason I’m still alive. Therapy. Source of bliss. Everything. #runchat  
A5: Somewhere with very few people, some nice scenery. Maybe a trail? 45º, no wind. #runchat  
A3: Just get myself as ready for #DopeyChallenge as possible with the little bit of time I have. #runchat  
A1: I don’t ask for much, just clothes. Sports bras, tank tops, and tights. #runchat  
And now for some lighter stuff! It’s #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City. Favorite race distance is the marathon!  
Fuck you,  . None of this is true, you sack of fucking shit.  
Heavy on the root, light on the beer  
I may have looked great on my run today, but I certainly didn't feel great   Liberty State Park  
When your long run goes so bad it ends in an Uber
Marathon training is dumb #wahhhhhhh
60 days 😳😬😳😬
Tell me more about my life, random stranger on the internet  
Moffat has got to go. This season of #DoctorWho is terrible.
I really don’t like how much time Twelve spends just talking out loud to no one (the viewer?) in the TARDIS. #DoctorWho
“Rule 1 of dying: don’t.”
I feel like Twelve is *not* a good Doctor to piss off #DoctorWho  
If you’re celebrating a shooting or the death of any other humans, you’re instantly wrong and awful
Well, that run sucked a big ol’ pile of dicks
New counter box for Hattie since she destroyed her old one. Yes, we keep a cardboard box on the…  
Runners are literally the worst  
But hey, let's keep refugees out of America instead of doing something about guns  
Comparing being trans to self harm? Only self-harm I did was putting off transition for a decade.  
Okay, America, NOW it's okay for Christmas stuff
good fucking god  
*gives   and   shit for hate reading people’s blogs*

*hate watched the Cowboys game*

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Pretty sure #DrunkAmy is going to be here before this turkey is done
Apparently, I'm the only person in America who wants salad with my Thanksgiving dinner
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I hope your families don't suck!
Hell is trying to make Thanksgiving dinner with three cats
Starting Thanksgiving off right, with 10 miles #rungiving
Well, it finally happened, I wrote this comment in my code  
What even is your site in Safari  ?  
Well, when you put it like that get me the f off this planet  
It’s 2015. Why Can’t Supergirl Wear a Skirt?   via  
Just finished up #JessicaJones. I'll take season two now, please
Just finished up #JessicaJones. I'll take season two now, please
Well, that got a little silly at the end. I blame    
#runch time! #bestpartofworkingfromhome
   
Funny how when you tell someone a show is transphobic the first response is to ask you to name which episode, as if you keep them cataloged
Copying and pasting from Swift to Objective-C *sigh*
I have exactly a marathon's worth of followers. No one follow/unfollow me! Thanks   for pointing this out  
#purrprogramming with the only man I trust  
Imagine if *this* was the joke instead of what's between our legs. If this is what we were asked in interviews.  
My Thai food was inedibly spicy so it was perfect
Lack of pockets, fear being seen as “man in a dress.” Still love wearing dresses though  
Leaving work with two jackets instead of one because of  
I don't often expect to get calls from Cigna with *good* news, but I guess that's a thing that happens sometimes?
And now we're jacket twins!  
The line at Indikitch outlasted my willpower to get the salad and instead I got the thing with the most calories ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #fatamy
I love beets.
OMG WHAT EVEN IS THIS  
First rule of deploying Tumblr code: Pee first.
Planning to work from home tomorrow makes today sorta feel like Friday
Legs told me not to run this morning and I'm bummed about it
Fact check: false.  
My iPad Mini decided it was going to up and get lost forever in my house somewhere. I'm not happy about this.
Programming is one of the most frustrating, sanity-destroying, rewarding, and fun parts of my life
Y’all wouldn’t even understand my feelings on soup
My training last week: 4 workouts for 31.34 mi and 3345 calories burned  
I made microwave popcorn at work. I'm such an asshole.
Slack is down. Productivity skyrockets everywhere.
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt good. A little fast for a recovery run as per the norm, I guess.  
I’ll never get over the irony of men declaring what is and is not the patriarchy
I had to break out a long sleeve top on my run for the first time today and blow dry my hair. You'd think it was actually fall or something
The CO2 is out for the selzer machine so now I have to drink regular water like an animal
TV notes from this weekend:
- halfway through #JessicaJones and it’s fantastic
- #DoctorWho was bullshit
Those 13.1 miles were considerably better than I expected. In fact, they were fucking great.
What even the fuck?  
A late good luck that you won’t see until after the race to everyone running #PhillyMarathon today! #runPhilly
How is my hair both frizzy and flat?
Sleep No More!
hard decisions are hard
I ran my first marathon four years ago today. What a silly idea.
   
Denying ppl a safe place away from threat of violence is to inflict terror on them. And if you're inflicting terror,what does that make you?
Head to search the Caitlyn Jenner tag on Tumblr for a thing. Really wish I didn't.
I don't have this problem since all the seeds just get stuck in my teeth ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Ran 6.2 miles in 53 mins and felt great. Amazingly great run this morning, even with 14mph winds! My sixth   
Did 10k earn me this much breakfast today? Probably not. Does my stomach care? Definitely not.  
You can’t just dump a thing about a trans person into a conversation about mental health without actually making the connection.
Writing this email is nothing but ☹️😞😟😔😩😖😣😧😢🤒😬
I just saw this. FUCK YOU  ! Ironic since the Statue of Liberty is actually inside *our* state border  
Always fun to be the 1st at your company to take advantage of trans health benefits especially when no one is quite sure of how they work
How much chili is too much chili? Some might say the amount I just ate, but they'd be wrong
Pickled jalapeños are an abomination
The runger is out of control today! Send help!

and burritos.
If you're not supporting other runners, there's no place for you in the running community. No exceptions. #nonegativityallowed #runchat
Hey  , can we get your name on this list too and welcome refugees in Jersey City?  
If you follow me, whether here or Tumblr, and I click on your profile only to be immediately greeted with someone's asshole, instant block
Perfect weather for 8 miles of bliss this morning!  
Why do ppl stand in front of the turnstile while fishing for their Smartlink/Metro card rather than to the side so others can go through?
Done this…multiple times. Not today though!!  
I’d be totally okay with “gender reveals” for babies if people called them what they are, “genital reveals”
Welp,   is the kind of gal who teases bringing home Dos Toros for dinner and then doesn't deliver. #ruiningmydreams
I literally just tried to pull to refresh in Safari on desktop
Two big launches in two weeks! Woohoo!  
Wait, Thanksgiving is NEXT WEEK already? Fuck.
On the Inside: Tumblr's headquarters doubles as an exhibit of its own users' art   via  
Transgender woman attacked for 2nd time this year in S.F.  
Even regardless of any other reason, denying people a safe place to exist free from threat of violence is simply heartless and cruel
Wasn’t the whole point of America supposed to be that anyone and everyone is welcome here?
Sounds great/fun, in theory. In reality, it'll be cluttered and sloppy. Even in Slack, it gets distracting at times  
My training last week: 5 workouts for 32.25 mi and 3443 calories burned  
Because only Christians should be allowed to flee from violence  
Ran 4 miles in 36 mins and felt great. Easy effort recovery run with a brand new pair of sneaks and the wife.  
A bunch of people in my office moved floors and are piling their trash behind me. I feel like this is a metaphor for my life.
ATTN: Runners who complain about their GPS watches or "long courses," read this &amp; stop complaining   #runchat #bibchat
This is literally the best thing that's ever been on linkedin ever  
Getting out of a warm bed to run at 5:30 is almost made worth it by this  
My 12th pair NB 1600s got called into action today. Hattie was in the box before I even got the 2nd…  
My 12th pair NB 1600s got called into action today. Hattie was in the box before I even got the 2nd…  
Turns out there is something I agree with Trump on. I feel gross now, but Rousey is terrible person  
A1: I don’t. I route long runs on hot days by park water fountains. #runchat   
The NFC East is so laughably bad
Yum!   The Pop Shop  
Mom asks q abt🔪
Me:Don’t wanna talk abt it
Wife:Don’t grump;you’ll b happy when yr grilled cheese comes
Me:I’ll b happy when I get my vagina
Me: who are you?!
 : someone who thinks that might be too much peanut butter
Me: you’re not the person I married
Foodo: orly?
Ran 10.01 miles in 1 hour and 26 mins and felt alright. Not really the best run, but it got done. Somehow    
The magical thing about Liberty State Park is no matter what direction you run, there’s always a headwind. And by magical I mean kill me.
Last night’s Weekend Update had a hilarious bit about trans people and trans people were in on the joke rather than the butt of it 👍
Feeling pretty thankful that I somehow dodged the food poisoning that a ton of my coworkers are currently dealing with :(
POST request &gt; write to MySQL via Doctrine &gt; postSave listener creates Gearman job &gt; use GMaps to geocode &gt; index lat/long in ElasticSearch
Honestly, this debate is too boring to bother live tweeting #DemDebate
Wife: *snarks me*
Me: *snarks back*
Newlywed couple: Such love!
Me: Talk to me in four years and gender change, okay
And fuck anyone who thinks more guns are the answer
So many thoughts w/those in Paris &amp; w/loved ones there, but also w/so many Muslims globally who will be subjected to disgusting Islamophobia
Tumblr Slack is almost entirely puns at this point  
So many of my problems would be solved if I had a TARDIS
dammit php i hate you
I burned myself right on my wrist tattoo and now it's scabby and gross. I hope it does fuck up my tattoo at all :(  
I'm mad about my red Starbucks cup because I don't even want to think about the holiday season at all because it's fucking November #whining
Come on, Jira, why can't you just use regular ol' markdown?
Motivation is tough, a running update    
It's Friday the 13th and it's November, so   and I will be watching ThanksKilling tonight! #gobblegobblemotherfucker
I don’t understand this question #nunchat  
These 2 episodes are utterly heartbreaking in ways you can't understand until you've seen the 3 seasons after them  
Ran 8 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 25 secs and felt great. So happy to be back to being able to run 8 m   
Every morning should start with 8 miles
Just watched Inside Out for the first time. Fuck you, Pixar. That was just straight up unfair.
Literally same  
If you're adding this comment to a line of code, maybe reconsider writing that line of code or any lines of code  
She sounds like a thoroughly terrible person  
The level of incompetence throughout the medical world is astounding,but combine w/lack of education about trans ppl &amp; it's #transhealthfail
Today's a rest day, so naturally someone brought in bagels
Guy just looked at me and sighed before sitting down next to me on the PATH. So you know I had to lady spread him all the way to Montana
Girl at bar just freaked out that I’m 32. She refused to believe it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Spectre was great, but obvious. Everything a Bond movie should be. On par with Skyfall in my opinion
I was recently asked “ten years ago, did you thinking you’d be working on  ​?” Well   
What it's like to work with me #312    
Ran 6.21 miles in 55 mins and felt great. Amazing running weather this morning!  
Why would you willingly use a website you hate?
BTW if you want Tumblr messaging, get at me :)
IT'S HERE!!  
I love this so much  
Pro-life  
Great twittering, Anzalone  
A Horrible Person's Guide to Making The World A Better Place, A Memoir
Trying to Fix Some Trans Shit or Whatever: The Amelia Gapin Story
Damn, I look pretty cute in this pull request approval selfie  
We have a class called Cylon that was throwing errors. I dropped into the conversation to just say "frakking toasters"

No one was amused :(
They are inevitable, but only because we're going to keep on fighting for them every day.  
There are multiple reports of   in our office currently. I want to hang out with him.
Apples are great, I have one for breakfast most mornings  
Pretty excited about our Answer Time today!   #DoctorWho #answertime
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt great. Nice easy effort run to start off the week! It was gorgeous out    
GREAT piece by  ! --&gt; Trans visibility: who is it good for?  
“OMG WHY THE FUCK ARE MY CHANGES NOT DOING ANYTHING?!”

ten minutes later…

“oh…rsync”
Ran 8.03 miles in 1 hour and 10 mins and 2 secs and felt good. Solid run today with a nice change of scene   
Accidental twinning with   #chasethebird  
“It’s either steer the world into the sun or fix everything wrong with it…and I don’t think I’m doing the former anytime soon.” - me earlier
Hanging around MIT trying to absorb smarts
I'm giving a very (very) small talk at MIT tomorrow. I'm totally not prepared to talk to ppl 10-14 years younger than me and smarter than me
When   sends your office   ❤️❤️❤️
It's 10:43am and I'm already seconds from resorting to cannibalism #gimmelunch
You okay, AT&amp;T?    
REALLY interesting article that brings up a lot of great points I agree with,but I disagree w/its overall conclusion  
REALLY interesting article that brings up a lot of great points I agree with,but I disagree w/its overall conclusion  
Ran 6.2 miles in 55 mins and felt great. HUGE fight to get myself up this morning, but I felt great once I   
*literally explodes*
Having very active conversations in 2 Slacks, iMessage, and Hangouts at the same time is kind of maddening.
At least there's a petition to kick the T out of LGBT. Guess we should take the gay rights movement we started w/us   
Awful person says something crappy  
Apparently, my two year anniversary of being openly Amelia out in the world was a few days ago ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Always single knot. Tied properly, they stay tied throughout even the longest of runs.  
"Be Different. Be Bold." Your phone literally looks exactly like an iPhone 6/6S  
This dress isn’t very fall, but I’m running really low on fall clothes that work when it’s 70° out
Fall needs to hurry up and get its ass to this party because I want to get my boot game on #enoughofthis70degreeshit
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
       Running
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Classic #ladylife  
I'm wearing Frozen underwear. Deal with it.
Ack, I wish   wasn't $30
This guy thinks trans people are Goliath! LOL! We're like the mouse watching from the side    
Fairly certain that the opponents of #HERO have zero idea how bathrooms actually work
Ppl in TX voted to take anti-discrim protections away from ppl who need them today. You can’t “well, it’s Texas” this away #HERO #YesOnProp1
Yay! Officially done with being on-call for the rest of the year!
Yet again, running basically saved my life
Yeah, and posts made following that format look really weird in Timehop now  
*literally explodes*
I feel like I'm the only person on the planet who couldn't get a fuck if it's ⭐️ or ❤️
Got that backwards, buddy. A NO vote on Prop 1 PUTS MEN IN WOMEN'S bathrooms! #YesOnProp1 #HERO  
I hear you don't want men in the women's room. I don't either, but that's what'll happen if you don't let trans ppl in the right bathrooms
Apparently, ppl are mad b/c Obama is trying to make it easier for ppl to get a job and get their lives back on track  
Because of course they were  
Woke up at 5:30 to run, but I can’t leave the house because my wife accidentally grabbed my phone on her way out and I’m on-call
Heavy rain storms always make me crave a run  
*flips every table in Manhattan*
Well, that settles that debate then.  
Love that I can use my Apple Watch through the mesh on the   The Win Long Sleeve top  
Trying a new method to make myself have to wake up to run before work tomorrow. Hope it works!
A3: Foam roller #runchat  
A2: New gel/energy bar flavors, socks, headbands #runchat  
A1: Get as prepared for #DopeyChallenge as possible! #runchat   
Talk to me when your ghost pepper salsa has actual ghost peppers as the first ingredient
Guy sitting next to me on the 6 train is cooking a slim jim with a lighter
Elite women at 30k! #TCSNYCMarathon  
Good luck today #TCSNYCMarathon runners! Have a great race! I’ll be cheering for you at 30k
Guy who lives below us has been trying to learn guitar and just did an awful attempt at “Scotty Doesn’t Know”
And   photobombed my selfie  
I made it 11 hours in 6″ heels, but that’s all I’ve got. Back to flats.
What happens when I drink  
Well,   is kissing me  
“Your Jewish side has a boner for complaining”
Well,   looks like a fun Twitter account. Harassing women runners on Twitter on a Friday night. Have fun, fuckstick.
For those wondering, here's my full Chanel#3 costume. Would have been better if it wasn't last minute.  
Halloween selfie PR review!  
The conversations in the deploy channel right now are not making me feel at ease with being PHP oncall during our Halloween party tonight
Hi, Twitter  
Staff is dead, hear the rejoicing of Tumblr users everywhere  
My costume is going to break my ankles before the day is over. #terribleatbeingagirl
Truth.  
Dos Toros for lunch means lunch isn't over until I sufficiently hate myself
It's Friday and my manicure from Monday morning is still 99.9% intact
This is life goals for me  
All I want is to be as dead inside as I pretend to be. I'm totally over feeling things.
Watched a man on   take his hand off the pole, cough into his hand, and put that hand back on the pole.

Come on, man, be better
"leave us alone" - user to the people who make the site she is posting this on for free
Ugh. Can you at least "not go anywhere" somewhere other than New Jersey? kthx  
Why do I feel like I am being subtweeted  
OMG GIMME ONE or ten!    
Hi  , until recently I had a very bad problem w/giving you all my money, but yr unhelpful cust service has cured me of this. THX!
I'm so overwhelmed by all the things I have to do that I've completely shut down
Okay, clearly today and I aren’t friends and hate each other, so if anyone needs me, I skipped right to tomorrow
It's just so much easier to love Jesus when you don't have to treat those pesky heathen women and LGBTs  
Um, yes.  
My brain is literally like this trying to get all the screams out    
"gender reassignment thriller"  
*goes back in time and punches 7:45am Amy in the face for this outfit*
I just went to sit on the toilet and missed. How's your day going?
Hey  , poor AC/ventilation in 5208. Do any of your cars work properly?
“There are good transgenders and bad transgenders…” Nope, I’m gonna stop you right there. Nope. Nope. No. Nope.
“Either she’s a woman or you’re a pedophile, pick one”
“Either she’s a woman or you’re a pedophile, pick one”
If someone repeatedly says “I want out of this conversation” and you refuse to let them out, that’s pretty fucked up
Liberty State Park is the windiest place on earth  
Long cowl neck sweater, leggings as pants, tall boots. This outfit is the reason I became a girl.
If your feminism puts physical qualifications on being a woman, you're doing feminism wrong
Ran 6.2 miles in 55 mins and felt great. Wonderfully blissful run this morning! The temperature was perfec   
Always a good day to run instead of pretty much anything else in the world  
This is actually kinda rad  
Me too!  
Oh, come on with these damn sales  ! You’re killing me!

*hands over all her money for the 1000th time*
It’s cute when people think they’re gonna get away with sassing me
In desperate need of an emergency taco
Everything &amp; nothing! I space out, I process current life problems, I write code, I sing songs in my head. #chatRW  
Trick question, there isn't one!  
1
28
2016
"LGBT terrorists", y'all!  
When in doubt, search your own tweets
Ah! Found what I was looking for!  
There was an article written by a biologist not super long ago that totally debunked the idea of biological sex. Anyone have a link to it?
Chromosomes aren't even used to determine sex by biologists. Neither are genitals.

So there's that.

 
A person's gender = what they tell you it is.

Literally that simple.

 
As said by someone who truly doesn't understand trans people.  
I get sometimes you're working in a codebase with inconsistent formatting, but your method should at least be consistent within itself
Yes! Very, very important!  
I don't understand how people feel they are entitled to a platform. And if you get to openly complain about it, you're not being silenced.
A6: I’m kind of like a Snickers commercial, except instead of eating a Snickers, I need to run #runchat  
A4: Almost never focus on form. When cadence is near 180 steps/min, everything else false into place #runchat  
A3: I don't like a lot of shoe. Like something light without much cushion. #runchat  
A2: Used to like running in Vibrams a lot,but I've been completely in love w/New Balance 1600 for last 3yrs #runchat  
A1: Blissful and unflappable #runchat  
Happy Sunday #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City. Next race is the #runDisney #Dopeychallenge!
Love #purrprogramming with this guy  
Judge on Chopped: She really tamed the ghost pepper…
Me (screaming): WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU WANT TO TAME GHOST PEPPER?!
I don’t think this Chanel #3 costume is going to happen :(
I just got really sad after thinking about Jurassic Bark :(
Well, at least Leela just used a candle to light her tail on fire.
I'm sorry, I just don't get the "Hotline Bling"/Drake dancing thing. Like nope just not doing anything for me
After four days of really, really loving how I look, I feel like a monster today.
I use a Garmin during my runs and then manually enter them all into   afterwards #startinglines  
And shortly after,   punched it open  
All the guys in Hackers are trans women and just don't know it yet
I went to camp so long ago that fucking Jesus Christ was my counselor
Hack day has escalated  
It begins  
I love how all these anti-trans/LGBT type bills that keep popping up all have "privacy" or "freedom" in their names  
But will it be the right conversation?  
I'm constantly trying to type emoji using the   way. I'd be happy with that.  
Four days in a row of liking how I look? When did I enter the Twilight Zone?  
In other news, I'm taking ideas for cool/weird things to do to Tumblr that you'll never get to see
I don't think my body is ready yet for another   hack day.
Today’s been pretty productive so far. 🏃10k and got a flu 💉
But that made me think of a great new rule: If I don’t get up to run in the AM, my punishment is that I have to straighten my hair that day
I planned all week to straighten my hair today, then I came to my senses this morning 😂
There’s a reason why I usually try to get to work by 8:30. It’s so I can avoid rush hour hell on the PATH.
Major thigh chafing this morning 😫😳☹️😠😬🤕😿
Whose calorie count do we think is more accurate? (I typically just go with 1 mile = 100 calories)  
🤔☹️😬😫💀
I wore shorts and a tank top this morning. Was dripping sweat.  
I haven't shared this in a while, but if you come work w/me, I'll send you selfies when I review your pull requests  
Better yet, don’t have files.  
My emoji tweets cost me 2 followers. I guess ppl don’t like to be called losers

Either that or they disapprove of my crush on Anna Kendrick
🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮🌮
I’m PRing in cute this week! I’m currently rocking a three day cute streak.

But that means I’m due for some serious ugly days soon.
OMG why does the   Surface Book review video have a THREE minute pre-roll ad?!
Gonna be straight with y’all, I have nothing original to contribute to #BackToTheFutureDay. Doesn’t mean I don’t care,but it’d just be noise
Wrote a lot of code for  in my head on my run this morning. Curious to see how much I remember this evening.
Days are better when they start with 6.2 miles
If anyone out there as experience with using Silex, Doctrine, and ElasticSearch in the same project, I’d love to chat
I was just freaking out because I couldn’t find my cardigan and couldn’t think where I would have possibly left it.

I’m wearing it.
Beautiful day to work from the roof  
*listens to recording of self as guest on a radio show*

*hurls self off tallest building in the area*
This is severely disgusting and horrifying.  
Been saying it for a while, but fuck Ronda Rousey  
I Took It Too Far: A Memoir by Amelia Gapin
Chilling by myself on the ground floor  
I noticed have this weird habit of wearing dresses every Tuesday.

Also, someone bring me more fall dresses, please.
This bed is crowded, y'all #16legs  
The saddest thing about #PHLvsNYG is that this game is for first place
I hold back using the runner emoji so many times because of this  
tbh, I might rather be a cylon  
tbh, I might rather be a cylon  
nerd.  
Wait, who are these ppl commenting negatively on other ppl’s running paces? Can we kick them out of running?  
Rather than try to stop sexual assault they want to make it easier to get away with.    
A4: I hate to be that gal, but…um…human legs #runchat  
A3: I like to see my splits and go over them in my head compared to how each mile felt #runchat  
Also, I legit don’t know when I last showered. Friday, maybe? 😳
Tonight’s #TheWalkingDead was def one of the best episodes ever
Alexandria lost a lot of extras tonight #TheWalkingDead #TWD
I love having bad ass Carol back. #TheWalkingDead #TWD
Honestly, we should have a reality show. Why don’t we have a reality show?
Me: I like burping
Wife: …
Me: Is that weird?
#ScreamQueens is so terrible, but so great
I’m a misandrisexual
Me: Freezing my tits off btdubs
Wife: I just gave planned parenthood $100 btdubs
Me: Will they help me put my tits that froze off back on?
It was upper 40s/sunny/breezy when I was running. I was sweating my tits off in shorts/t-shirt. Other runners were wearing tights/hoodie/hat
Current situation  
Wife: Bad news
Me: What?
Wife: I want Thai for dinner
Me: Dammit, now I do too
Life is always better after a run
Photo: : Kickstarter Backers: Get excited and watch your mailbox! These are headed your way   
“I feel like you don’t get the full effect of my haircut when it’s curly.”

“It’s not Reggie, you don’t need the full effect.”

*crickets*
A high-five for anyone who wants to checkout a branch and get ElasticSearch running in MTH’s Silex+Doctrine+Vagrant+Ansible setup
I can’t even describe the roller coaster that the last two weeks have been. 🎢🎢🎢🎢🎢🎢
It's a triple threat of kitteh cat napping on the couch with me right now  
What’s a transgender?
Today’s music selection has been weird:
- Jawbreaker - Bivouac
- Misfits - Walk Among Us
- Saves The Day - Through Being Cool
Please keep voting!!!  
I guess sometimes being anti having friends backfires
“I’m a woman and I’m equipped to use a urinal! Penis does not equal man.”

Never a fun conversation when you have to yell that at someone
Oh, right, I can’t walk in heels to save my life. Gonna be a long day, folks.
OMG   implemented 3D Touch and it’s literally a big deal to me
Time Machine just saved my ass so hard. Thought I pushed a ton of   code to the repo before securely deleting it. I was wrong.
*opens Xcode for first time in two months*

😩
😖
😬🔫
💀
Fuck, I need a Halloween costume
Aim for the first puddle you see. Once your feet are wet, you won’t care about the rest of them. Also, HAVE FUN!!!  
Hey    , I feel like based on your FAQ, maybe this screenshot means I should have a verified account?  
This is how a lot of people at Tumblr ended up finding out my dead name.  
In which TSA employees declare that treating people with respect is above their pay grade  
Oh, I'm sorry I want to be clear about exactly what I'm saying! #dontfuckwithmyoxfordcomma  
Serious question, how did Webb even get this far in life? #DemDebate
“We’re all winners tonight!” - O’Malley 

#DemDebate
“Ladies and germs…” - Webb

#DemDebate
The look on Chafee’s face makes me feel like he doesn’t realize how poorly he did tonight #DemDebate
Hillary playing it safe with her marijuana answer #DemDebate
Hillary was “hunting for the Chinese” in Denmark #DemDebate
“What’s an energy?” - Webb 

#DemDebate
“Did I mention I’m a woman?” - Hillary 

#DemDebate
O’Malley gets the biggest kid-in-a-candy-story grin on his face when he gets to say clean energy #DemDebate
“I…I…would…I don’t know…can I pass?” - Webb

#DemDebate
“Hey, everyone else was doing it too!” - Chafee

#DemDebate
They’re still letting Webb talk? #DemDebate
Wait, did O’Malley just say something cool? #DemDebate
“Rookie mistake!” - Chafee 

#DemDebate
Chafee, you’re not supposed to outright say you don’t know what you’re doing #DemDebate
So O’Malley, Webb, and Chafee are done after tonight, right? Just Clinton vs Bernie…vs Biden #DemDebate
#BlackLivesMatter is the correct answer here for those playing at home. #DemDebate
Oh. Shit. #DemDebate
“I’m not a pacifist” should not be said as a selling point #DemDebate
Did Webb say “the ethnics?” #DemDebate
I think it’s funny that people think there’s common ground to be found between the NRA and people who aren’t assholes #DemDebate
Can we maybe not pivot guns to mental health? Like come the fuck on. #DemDebate
There have been a lot of actuallys #DemDebate
Fun fact: I went to Denmark in 2012 and have been trying to move there for the last three years #DemDebate
Hillary with a nice little “well actually…” there #DemDebate
Man, these guys are amateurs #DemDebate
Fry is getting political and watching the #DemDebate with me  
Why does the intro to #DemDebate feel like the lead-in to Monday Night Football?
Anyone have any awesome earbud recs before I buy another pair of Sennheiser CX 300 II.

Hattie decided the pair I had needed to be destroyed
It’s appropriate to cry when your amazing doctor whom you love and who actually knows about trans health tells you she’s moving to DC,right?
I’d be really happy with just 1 &amp; 9.  
Her Code Got Humans on the Moon—And Invented Software Itself   via  
“gave literally everything”  
This is really shitty, Twitter. People shouldn't find out about being laid off like this.  
My suitcase is fully unpacked for the first time since early June
My suitcase is fully unpacked for the first time since early June
Voting for the Women’s Running #coverrunnercontest goes until Friday. Please keep voting for me (and RTing)! 😀❤️😀  
Whenever I start to regain any sort of faith in humanity’s existence,I fly.Everything abt this is designed to dehumanize as much as possible
Filed under words no one ever expected to say  
Stall recovery actually sounds useful. Even expert manual drivers stall from time to time  
Every damn time.  
Chicago, as always, you’ve been fucking great ❤️❤️❤️
Ugh. This is a solvable problem. Simply indicate if a tweet has been edited &amp; allow full edit history to be visible  
This is what ends up on my reminder list after I cheer for a marathon  
Ran 4.03 miles in 34 mins and felt good. Last run in Chicago before heading off to the airport :(  
Nope. Not into this.  
Just posted a photo  
A5: It feels great and keeps me put together #runchat  
Sometimes   is so engrossed in her phone that I play a game to see what kind of weird things I can say/do before she notices
A3: Men’s clothes. #runchat  
A2: I run light. If it doesn’t fit in my shorts pockets, it doesn’t come. Keys, phone (safety!), that’s it. #runchat  
A1: Despite being the Queen of Sweat, I don’t have much of a problem with it getting in my eyes actually. #runchat  
Hey #runchat, probably won’t be here all hour, but I’m Amelia from Jersey City and I share way too many facts about myself on the internet
I never go a day without asking myself “am I becoming the kind of person I hate?”
One of my favorite new features in iOS 9. Terrible design though.  
Can’t even count the number of times   has said “marathons are dumb” today. I don’t disagree, but I ❤️❤️❤️ the marathon
Hi America, I’m Amelia Gapin and I’m transgender, but you already knew that because I don’t shut up about trans shit #NationalComingOutDay
Whoa!  
This is   running a marathon  
Don’t get the runners who wear the shirt for the race during the race.
I’ll be on SiriusXM’s   today at 11:30ET to talk about the Women’s Running cover contest. Listen in!  
Good luck tomorrow   runners!! Look for me cheering for YOU on the left at mile 17! Run fast! 🏃❤️ #ChiMarathon #ChicagoMarathon
Uh,   has never seen This Is Spinal Tap, Best in Show, or A Mighty Wind 😳
Preeeetty sure I just heard our waitress at this restaurant talking about me to the bartenders. Definitely heard “best of both worlds.”
So far, our whole Chicago trip has been shopping
Spicy, but edible without much struggle  
I have a problem.  
Everyone should have an opportunity to do a spin class with  . Chick is a goddamn machine.
Journey is never okay. You can’t fix Journey.
Don't forget, you can keep voting for me be on the cover of Women's Running until Friday!    
When composing a single tweet takes longer than writing an entire blog post
No.  
Serious walking  
I keep trying to get   to start a “shit Amy says” account because some of the stuff that comes out of my mouth is pure gold
Or maybe people should speak up about oppressive BS and fight to make the world better? Just a thought.  
Not watching doesn’t get all the ads for this show off buildings, bus stops, and everywhere else I’ve seen them  
How is the problem solved? Does it miraculously stop reinforcing misogyny if *I* don’t watch?  
Fried cheese curds hitting the spot right now  
Just once I'd like to actually be in Chicago and get to go to a game here  
America, we need to talk about this misogynistic piece of shit of an idea for a TV show  
Oh,  , you sucker me into a new headband at every expo
Currently standing in a thing   designed at the Chicago Marathon expo
I really want to win the #coverrunnercontest,but there’s def no losing with the 7 other amazing women in the running  
I was waiting for my Garmon to catch a satellite signal and told it to “reach for the sky.”   was not amused.
Yes! I’m so glad we got to hang out!   
My greatest skill is following up a “cute af” day with an “I’m the most disgustingly gross man-looking fat piece of shit” day
Congressional Dems Urge TSA To Change Screening Procedures For Transgender Passengers   via    
Dude, uh, what are you doing?  
This is probably the best and most accurate thing I've read in weeks    
How do you look at a thin person with tits, makeup, and women’s clothes and call them sir?
I think these emoji are pretty ugly, but I really like what they’re going for here  
Getting to the airport 2.5 hours early because of my anomaly #travelingwhiletrans
Agree 100%.  
If I see you putting a recyclable in the trash when there is recycling available, you’re gonna get called out. #sorrynotsorry
Sooooo tired of “the course was long!” No. It wasn’t.  
Did you vote for me to be on the cover of Women’s Running today? If not, you totally should!   #CoverRunnerContest
Days when you feel like you look cute as hell, but like no one sees you
"Trans women are taught to feel grateful for any scrap of affection we receive."  
Tacos are GREAT post run food! Also, bagels!  
Love ya,  , but yr article says LGBT throughout yet seemed to forget what the T is    
In some dev environments, you don’t really have much of a choice  
“We cover X!”

“Really?”

“As long as yr doc is in network”

“Are there any in network docs that do X?”

“No”

thx  ! #transhealthfail
“We cover X!”

“Really?”

“As long as yr doc is in network”

“Are there any in network docs that do X?”

“No”

thx  ! #transhealthfail
Liquid cooling in a phone sounds cool (pun!), but really they’re just approaching the problem from the wrong side  
I just got my invite to purchase a OnePlus 2. Hmmmm…decisions!
Peaceful Black Lives Matter Protest Does Not Disrupt Twin Cities Marathon  
Let’s be real, Google said goodbye to “don’t be evil” years ago  
We’re trying to decide what fun Chicago things to do this trip. What are your favorite (non-touristy) things in Chi-town?
My phone autocorrected “oof” to “oort cloud.” I’m into that.
So my self-hosted wordpress blog decided to flag my IP address for “potential security violations.” Interesting.
Your afternoon reminder to please vote for me to be on the cover of Women’s Running if you haven’t already today! :)  
ICYMI: I’m a trans woman w/mental illness &amp; I’m a finalist to be on the cover of  . Please vote for me! 
The problem with day drinking is sometimes you get a hangover before you even go to bed
And some of those were above the neck tattoos!  
Turns out   DIDN’T change my name AGAIN and is sending me mail to my birthname asking for documentation I’ve already given them
I just ate the biggest cucumber ever. It was like 18”.

This is not a euphemism.
That was by far the strongest wind I’ve ever run through in Liberty State Park and that’s saying a lot.
I'm a trans woman w/mental illness &amp; I'm a finalist to be on the cover of     #coverrunnercontest #runchat
Please take a moment to vote for me today!  
“There are cats and marijuana at my house! Come with me!” - my coworker screaming in the bar
Hey y’all this is a really important one  
Holy…what?  
Speaking of depression and running, I really wish it was still light out when I got home from work
I just rode a   and it was kind of wild, but also really neat!
*waits for someone to make her regret saying “trans” and “mental illness” in the same tweet*
Would you like to see a trans woman on the cover of a women’s athletics mag? Then vote for me! #CoverRunnerContest  
Awesome conversation about cultural appropriation going on in the Tumblr HeyLadies Slack channel right now
This is my friend   and she is complicated  
Do I want to save $100 each on our flights to WDW in January? Yeah. Am I willing to fly Frontier from Trenton? LOL no.
Leggings as Pants with the Wrong Junk: The Amelia Gapin Story
.   very weak air on 5174. Do any of your cars work?
I keep finding more and more little things about the new   to love
YAS! I ❤️  ! 

Between iPhone/iPad/Mac, I think I’ve given them $40 for twitter clients. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

 
Your AM reminder to vote for ME TO BE ON THE COVER OF  ! #transcoverrunner #CoverRunnerContest  
Yet to see a single person say “You know, #peeple looks kinda neat!” Has the internet ever agreed this much on anything?  
“even as a guy who won the privilege lottery i think [#peeple] is pretty fucked up” - coworker
.   no air on 5162. Get it together, seriously.
The amount of privilege &amp; blindness to said privilege that it takes to make an app like #peeple is…I don’t even know  
I'm going to keep begging you all every day to vote for me! PLEASE! #transcoverrunner  
It makes me sad that I’m almost definitely never going to get to be anyone’s Auntie Amy :(
Amelia Gapin: IRL feminist killjoy since ‘83
Wouldn’t be a day without me declaring that I’m quitting programming
Always fun when you fuck up the revert on a bad deploy. #killingittoday
PLEASE VOTE ME! This could be super rad! #WRCoverRunnerContest  
Wearing my purr programmer shirt today! Thanks  !  
Go big or go ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Every single word of this.     
I am a finalist for the   #WRCoverRunnerContest! Like what?! Please vote for me!  
A6: I don’t know if it’s the *most* inspiring, but Spirit of the Marathon gave me some solid feels #bibchat  
A5: I try to offer encouragement and just be supportive…and I guess just be me? #bibchat  
A3: “Relax, you’re gonna be here a while.” #bibchat  
A3: “Relax, you’re gonna be here a while.” #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Here’s a photo of me with   from last week b/c she’s awesome  
There’s a thing happening at midnight that will likely lead to a ton of transphobia being hurled my way, but w/your help, it’ll be worth it
Man, sucks if you’re running this race, but this is what happens when marginalized voices aren’t otherwise heard  
Pretty sure if the North wanted our own flag, the South would call us all a bunch of un-American terrorists  
#StandWithPP always.
“The only thing I don’t love about you, Amelia, is that you don’t know your own worth.” - one of my coworkers just now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
&lt;joke about every day being coffee day&gt;
I got in bed at 9:30 all hopeful that I'd actually go to sleep early and make getting up at 5:30 easier.  Still awake an hour later.
All three cats are currently in bed with us. This is an extremely volatile situation. This is how armageddon starts.
Hey! We just hit a pretty big engineering milestone for  ! #ignoringthefivenewtrellotasksijustcreated
TIL that PHP only has function-level scoping.

I’m not handling this news well. Like…what?
But it’s users who are wrong for wanting to block ads.  
Two adults making out on the PATH during rush hour. She's not holding onto the pole, only her boyfriend. Falls into me when the train jolts
Pretty sure all of Tumblr HQ is currently sick
I love that our IT department stocks Das Keyboards
Last night, I had a dream in which I told someone else about another dream I had earlier last night. Neither dream was lucid. Weird.
Clouds, I hope you know we're in a fight now
Come on, clouds, don't you know there's a #superbloodmoon? Get out the way!
A6: Only Mostly a Disaster: The Amelia Gapin Story #runchat  
Well, at least something is right in the world.  
A5: Only thing missing from my running right now has been me. :( #runchat  
A4: Usually, it just gets to the point where it’s either give in to depression or get back to running #runchat  
A3: Consistency. #runchat  
A2: I’d specifically tell them NOT to buy anything at first and keep it simple…then got a foam roller #runchat   
Wait…is time something I can buy more of?! #runchat    
A1: Don’t know that there’s really any product that’s been a game-changer or stands out. I don’t need much. #runchat  
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ. Don’t get blisters often, but thigh chafing…😳 #runchat
.   is waving a pizza cutter in the air yelling “I’ll give you your surgery right now! *evil laugh*”

😳😳😳
As a programmer, everyday should be either:

“Do I even KNOW how to write code?”

or

“Why am I wasting time in my comfort zone?”
It’s truly terrifying how obsessed with fire Hattie is
Eagles almost look like a real football team today. Rough day for the Jets. #PHLvsNYJ
Guess the lady who went through great lengths to not be near me on the PATH was afraid of catching the trans. It is communicable after all
The music at   literally sounds like someone stole my phone and put it on shuffle.
This brunch place is playing oooold Propagandhi
Thanks for sending me a bunch of stuff  !
TIL people get way too upset if you speak ill of a Doctor Who episode  
Well, that just seems a tad unnecessary, no?  
Moffat’s gotta go #DoctorWho
A Dalek again? #DoctorWho
Okay, WTF is even going on in tonight’s #DoctorWho? This is a disaster.
After making a dozen phone calls full of misgendering and dead-naming to cancel all my crap today, I just found my wallet :/
Don't you wish you married this? cc:    
Before you dive into my mentions with your internalized cissexim and transphobia, maybe consider just not.
My name is Amelia, why would you think you should call me Mr Gapin?
None of you would even believe the call I just had to have with  . Unbelievable. At least the woman who helped me was very nice
Today’s been a great reminder that the entire world has been set up in a way that makes the lives of trans people as difficult as possible
I selected ‘female’ on the intake forms for a GCS consultation and now the medical history form is asking me questions about menstruation
That panic that sets in when you can’t find your wallet
Touch ID on iPhone 6S might actually be *too* quick. I’ve been accidentally unlocking all day.
Nice work    
Why/how am I in Bushwick right now?!
I met   today and she is super amazing  
If you're the trans girl who was hanging out in Madison Square Park around 6:30  👋
.  I'm really excited that you're coming to   today! :)
If you think I take trans stuff seriously, you definitely don’t want to get me started on the Oxford comma. #dontfuckwithmycomma
Femgineer lunch was 6 ppl today:

- 2 white, 1 black, 3 asian
- 2 lesbian, 1 straight, 3 unknown
- 1 trans, 5 cis
- 3 &gt;30yrs, 3 &lt;30yrs
Maybe don’t try to justify the Pope’s homophobia and transphobia to me by saying “he’s doing a good job within the constraints of the job”
Whoa. I don’t know what I’m going to do with this, but I need to do something  
Let’s just say that two days after what happened to Shadi, I called two doctors to schedule consultations to get new genitals installed
No, it’s okay because Caitlyn Jenner totally fixed everything!  
Caterers are here setting up breakfast and I overheard them describing our office as being like “a sick frat house.” :/
Sometimes grieving the loss of a really good friendship is much harder than a romantic relationship
Earlier, I got tricked into following a link to tsroadmap. Now, I’m reading something on Susan’s Place b/c it has what I need. What a day.
I lost 3 hours today because I put an empty `count()` call in my code and it didn't error, it just quietly died  
It's okay, y'all, work has me covered!  
Right now on   slack,   and   are scratching words into their skinning and sending pictures
OMG SOMEONE FUCKING MAKE A WEBSITE TO MAKE FINDING A DOCTOR EASIER
Uh huh  
The lady dick jokes have been fun for the last few years, but this thing’s gotta go
The lady dick jokes have been fun for the last few years, but this thing’s gotta go
tumblr staff on slack  
I guess I'm the only one not feeling this Ryan Adams 1989 cover album. Do I have to leave modern civilization now?
Cool clouds  
Cool temps. Fall colors. #runchat  
Conversations with    
How have we not kicked this jizz-popsicle off the planet yet?  
A6: That time a guy followed me at night matching every turn and pace change   #bibchat  
A5: An Iron Man suit. #bibchat  
A4: NO HEADPHONES. Listen to what’s going on around you. Stay in lit and populated areas. #bibchat  
To everyone I work with, I’m so sorry for what you’ll find in Slack in the morning. I confess it went too long.
A2: I wasn’t afraid to run at night until I moved somewhere that’s unsafe to do so. #bibchat  
A1: People. Specifically, men. Sorry, gotta be honest here. #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I'm Amelia from Jersey City! This was the view on my run yesterday morning  
I'll fight* anyone who doesn't think I look cute af today.

*doesn't actually believe in fighting  
Okay, but can we just take a moment and appreciate the irony of me receiving this message from Sherpaa  
When you make firm decision on a permanent, life-changing thing you’ve been back and forth on for decades. 😳😳😳
I got knocked on one of my reviews earlier this year for not refactoring enough.  
May or may not have just went off on someone about how increased visibility isn’t a wholly positive thing
The question isn’t whether or not I will buy something from the Kate Spade surprise 75% off sale, it’s how many paychecks will I fork over?
It’s officially Keep a Cardigan in Your Purse season!
The guy standing next to me on this   is snoring
Now, this is what I call a transgender breakthrough! #TransVictory  
One of the most terrifying things in software is building an API. Every mistake you make will haunt you until the day yr service shuts down
Thank you, Mayor Fulop!  
I’m legally female according to my passport/license, but ppl lose all sense once there’s a dick in play so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
I’ve gone through TSA 8 times (so far) this year alone and it’s never not terrifying. I can’t even imagine what Shadi is dealing with.
If you ever fly w/me &amp; I insist we get to the airport 3hrs before our flight,it’s b/c of exactly what’s happening to   right now
Hey girl, remember when we were like *best* friends? That was fucking great!
So I entered the   cover contest again this year. A gal can dream, right?
Applauded by cis people, not the trans community. That should tell you something.  
In Hollywood cis men win awards for pretending to be trans women.In IRL trans women get fired,beaten,murdered for actually being trans women
What a beautiful Monday morning!

Mark this moment because I have never said this before and never will again.
It felt like fall this morning on my run, it was great! I was so blissful &amp; in the zone I forgot my route &amp; missed a turn ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #runchat
Good morning New York!  
Viola Davis. Damn. #emmys
Okay Twitter #emmys  
A2: I’d rather not have an EMT find out I’m trans via the “unexpected discovery” method, so that. #runchat  
Don’t mind me, I’m just walking around the house with a fist full of needles and a bottle of lady elixir
Oh, hey, look at that, another cis person won another award for telling trans people’s stories for us and making jokes at our expense #emmys
It’s always nice to see Hollywood laugh about inequality so you don’t forget how totally super progressive &amp; post-inequality they are #emmys
How about we just save everyone’s time and give *all* the #Emmys to   and call it a night?
This VW commercial just taught me that women get all hot and bothered when men plug their electric cards in. Who knew?
Both these teams suck #PHLvsDAL
Wife: I’m so sad Hindsight got canceled!
Me: Honey, TWO people watched that show!
Wife: I was one of them!
Me: I know. I was the other.
Same.  
I love watching the Giants lose #NYGvsATL
Do you serve butter with those gender roles?
You’d think this was a Springer episode from 20 years ago, but you’d be wrong. This is now. Disgusting.  
Oh, shit. Davros. #DoctorWho
Ten minutes until #DoctorWho! This is not a drill, folks! #DoctorWhoSeries9
All it takes is one or two "friends" letting you down &amp; breaking your trust to make it feel like everyone has turned on you &amp; is against you
🚨🚨🚨   is in Jersey City today!!! 🚨🚨🚨
I may or may not have just screamed at a construction worker for calling me "dear"
As always Mari nails it 100%.  
I wish everyone could've just seen me drunkenly fall down the stairs and have my full beer fly up in the air only to rain back down on me
Um, y'all, I got squatted.  
Look, I'm just saying I want bionic tits.
Great night on the Tumblr HQ roof  
Y’all, Tumblr staff is *really* shitty  
"For accomplishment in keeping the Falcons sassy."  
"For accomplishment in keeping the Falcons sassy."  
The Never trust Steck movement at   HQ is gaining momentum  
Oh, wow, Lizzie Velasquez is coming to HQ next week to screen her film and talk about it. Neat!
I had a dream last night that I had gender confirmation surgery and  it's *really* fucking me up today.
I always expect the cats to be more excited when we get home from a trip. I'm always disappointed.
Bye Cindy  
How have we never been in here before? (  Memento Mori in Bay Lake, FL)  
I can happily retire from ride photos after this masterpiece  
The best Space Mountain rides are the ones where you can hear people screaming from all over inside #wdw
Makes me sad that I'm the only one who ever plays along or even laughs on the Jungle Cruise
The backside of water! #junglecruise  
This has been the rainiest WDW trip ever
Announcement about it raining at the Jungle Cruise, "which offers you this chilling challenge to find a dry seat! *evil laugh*"
I hate you. This is all I want in life and you took it from me!  
Castlin'  
Number of days I brought running clothes for: 3

Number of days I ran on this trip: 0
I think watchOS 2 is the only software update Apple's ever done that has actually improved battery life
Shoutout to the guy wearing this shirt in Disney World  
More like Sad Mountain  
A+ Space Mountain scream sesh
"This shirt makes me look like a lesbian so it fits."
Yup,   at her finest  
I'm out of poses to do for photos #wdw2015v2  
All Disney trips require at least one meal in Mexico  
Guys, don't be creepy. And especially don't go full creep.  
If you want to sell me something just put a cat on it
Baby gorilla!  
I'm an honorary bug!   Bugs Life  
.   got her hair done by the Yeti   Expedition Everest  
I literally have no idea what’s going on in the world the last couple days outside of Disney. It’s weird.
The new walkway to the exit behind Main Street in Magic Kingdom is a game changer
Astro Orbitin' #wdw2015v2   Astro Orbiter  
Laser blastin' #wdw2015v2   Buzzlightyear Space Ranger Spin  
"There will be more pain and suffering coming your way."
Yes, I'm drinking a pineapple #wdw2015v2   Kona Café  
Come on Monsters, Inc. Laugh Floor, girls can be "That Guy" too! Pick me!
Been there, got twisted up.  
Disney, thanks for that unnecessary man-in-a-dress gag in your updates to The Great Movie Ride. 💩💩💩
Yes, I woke up at 3am last night to do this. 64GB unlocked silver iPhone 6S.  
This bed had no cats in it :(
Dole Whip time, yo (  Sunshine Tree Terrace -   in Lake Buena Vista, FL)  
Obviously needed to switch to a more appropriate watch face #wdw2015v2  
Not a bad view from our room!  
As a 32 year old woman, I'm okay with this  
Listening to carissaanneb on our ride to Animal Kingdom Lodge with   #wdw2015v2  
Man, I've felt that before.  
Best thing about going on vacation is doing this  
How I described my cats to a coworker  
I don’t care if it’s our anniversary, I’m really not cool w/the level of pumpkin hating   has brought into my timeline today
I’m a chill gal
Can’t decide if I want to bring my DSLR to Disney this trip. I haven’t the last 2 b/c I didn’t want to lug it around, but I need new photos
4yrs ago, I married this weirdo. The funniest, silliest, best person I know. cc:   ❤️👩‍❤️‍👩💍💞💘😻😍  
Oh shit, look at all these new emojis in the iOS 9.1beta. Taco! Burrito! Middle finger!  
Looks like I've completely lost my ability to get up at 5:30 and run. Ugh.
Will never get over how easy vagrant makes setting up a   dev environment
1. `git clone &lt;url&gt;`
2. `vagrant up`
3. write code
Well, I officially deferred my   2015 entry to next year :( #runchat #bibchat
Looks like new iPhones have the same battery life, but are *bigger* in all dimensions than the 6/6Plus.   #appleevent
Apple didn’t mention iPhone 6S battery life at all. Typically, they at least say it’s the same. #AppleEvent
Live Photos seem kinda neat, actually #AppleEvent
Force Touch was a terrible name that felt creepy  
I’m pretty into all of these new iOS features for 3D Touch. #AppleEvent
YAY SPORTS! #AppleEvent
I was pretty much raised on Bond movies and look how I turned out!  
Look, I like SkyFall a lot too, but it was pretty misogynistic. Come on, Apple. #AppleEvent
Men everywhere are hoping yes  
A second lady on stage. She smiled without a man forcing her to. #AppleEvent
The iPhone in that one photo had the SIM port on the bottom. #AppleEvent
iPad Pro and TV before iPhones? Weird order. #AppleEvent
It was   that forced the woman to smile and Apple that put them on stage to do it. #AppleEvent
Adobe, how about *full* Lightroom for the iPad? That’d be great. #AppleEvent
Adobe’s presenter basically saying women should smile more #AppleEvent
Guys, Apple just invented the stylus
Apple iPad Surface™ #AppleEvent
Sooooo much time spent on watch bands. Why? #AppleEvent
If you really don’t care about Apple stuff, you should mute me for the next couple of hours.
I fought harder than I’ve ever had to fight to get myself out the door to run this morning &amp; then made it 3 blocks before my knee felt weird
married white female seeking fall
I have a breakfast date with a face full of lasers today so my face will be nice and splotchy all day. #imsexy
It's cool, bro, I'm sure none of the hundred people standing on this   car wanted to sit next to you anyway
“The calories don’t count if I’m moving while eating them.” -  
“The calories don’t count if I’m moving while eating them.” -  
The more it hurts, the better.

I have a problem.  
Olympic gold medalist for cold shouldering
I have a very bad feeling that a conversation I really don’t want to have is going to go down in 48 minutes and it’s going to be supes awks
It’s funny how trans ppl say #TheDanishGirl is bad for trans ppl, yet cis ppl keep calling it a “game changer” for us. #notactuallyfunny
Pretty sure   is trying to PR in making as many people as possible hate them
Everyone was complaining about summer ending and whatnot, but it’s friggin’ 94º in NYC right now so thanks a lot
Ugh, direct hit to the feels.  
I’m worried that my slow descent into cat ladyness has become a complete free fall
Yup, an aggressively transphobic post in the   forums with lots of shit comments &amp; a poll where majority agree with bigotry. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
This woman is my hero   
It seems Hattie isn't a fan of two-eared mice  
Someone spat on me at Target because I’m transgender   via  
How long do we think my t-shirt and tank top drawer can stay this neat?  
Productive day! Ran 2x,   interview for  , wrote a lot of code, haircut, started planning another WDW trip,&amp; #runchat
#runchat brag: Even with two failed+aborted runs this week, I still pulled off 25.5 miles. No idea how.
A6: Like life is worth living. Also, like I can take on the entire world and all the bad stuff is erased. #runchat  
Richmond is a FANTASTIC marathon! #runchat  
A5:   will always hold like the biggest place in my heart. #runchat  
A4: I opt to walk places as much as possible, do spin, take advantage of my sit/stand desk at work. #runchat  
All the Q1 answers are making me feel gross, disgusting, and glutinous. Come one, one of you has to be as bad as me, right?! #runchat
A1: I’m the WRONG person for this question. I eat/drink whatever. Even if it’s a whole pizza and a beer #runchat   
Happy Second Saturday, #runchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City. Favorite non-race distance is either 10k or 8 miles.  
The new Moto 360 actually looks pretty nice.  
Ran 8 miles in 1 hour and 9 minutes and felt good. No idea where this run came from, but yay! I really wasn’t    
I can’t think of a hell worse than trying to run through Liberty State Park on a summer holiday weekend. That was awful.
Current app switcher situation  
When sci-fi goes bad, you get Sliders season 5
What if it's the next day? 😳   
Apparently, I’m messing around with building a terminal client for Twitter list management today
Looks like whatever was stopping me from being able to run a couple months ago is back. Fuck.
Also,   has been a life saver today!
It’s never good when you leave behind a comment like this  
Been having some really intense feels about my body today.

Dysphoria has been KILLING me lately.

Can I exchange for the correct parts now?
Has anyone ever gone to Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party in #WDW? Tell me about it.
Sure, Waiting is a pretty bad movie for a lot of reasons, but it’s also super accurate of what it was like when I worked at Applebee’s
This is how I know   loves me. She brings me home a bag of habaneros.  
It's amazing how much Against Me! has made "Androgynous" their own
"Did you see the line for the women's room? I thought it was all dudes." 

Why are you at an Against Me! Show? Like what?!
When someone you haven't seen in ten plus years and a transition recognizes you 😳
Well, that run certainly didn't go as planned
Reminder, if a journalist/writer asks you for an interview, it’s OK to ask what their angle is and turn down if you don’t feel comfortable
“You don’t take risks when you’re this close to the mouse”
Hey, is anyone going to   tonight in Asbury Park?
I hate that it’s `git blame`. Sure, sometimes I’m looking for someone to blame, but usually I just wanna know whom to direct my questions to
Work from home day = #purrprogrammer day  
This is a pretty good list with the exception of “Black Diamond.” Also, “Answering Machine” is my #1.  
The 9 Steps Of Tumblr Feature Release  
90% of the LGBTs in this would more accurately be LG.

All I want is trans chars/actors and no jokes at our expense.  
The cats have a way to tell us their water bowl is empty. Leela goes and sits in the bathtub and Fry lays down quietly in front of the bowl
Like, man, I get y’all hate staff, but do you really gotta go into detail about how you plan to murder us?
Never change anything on the internet. Ever.  
We’re getting some A+ hate today
I feel like I’m going to be doing a lot of reblogging today
Has anyone done any math on this 40% of 1.6m homeless youth are trans stat? That’s 640k which doesn’t mesh w/~700k total trans ppl in USA
Really wish   had this  
Oh shit, we're getting CitiBike in Jersey City?
A5. I run with a Garmin 220 and an Watch and my phone in my pocket (for safety reasons). No music. #bibchat  
A4: I’ve done 7 marathons, it’s my favorite race distance, but I want to do a 50-miler one day. #bibchat  
A3: I have a pair of running gloves I’ve had for 3yrs, I think. *Everything* else got replaced 2yrs ago. #bibchat  
I quit ever talking to ppl. At this point with the number of shitty conversations I’ve had in the last week the problem must be me. I quit.
A2: Stay focused by remembering my goals and mentally transporting myself to race day. #bibchat  
A2: Stay focused by remembering my goals and mentally transporting myself to race day. #bibchat  
A1: Depends on how long. &lt;15 miles, I’m pretty into it. &gt;15 is usually torture. Just takes so damn long. #bibchat  
Are YOU the person whose number I had saved in my phone under the wrong name? Did you get a weird apology text today? #stillembarrassed
I don't like the new logo, but I agree with this 100%  
I’m going to go home tonight and run literally a million miles and you can’t stop me.
REBLOG UI IS FINALLY GOING OUT TOMORROW!  
Man will get an Oscar for playing a trans woman. Trans women get denied acting roles altogether.  
If cis men are playing trans women it’s not a transgender anything.

If no trans women are writing it, it’s not a transgender anything.
Also, I’ve been super negative all day on here. So, uh, I don’t know…some things are rad?
When someone thinks you and them are cool, but you couldn’t be any less cool with them
Ugh. Rough day for deploying code to production.
Am I the only one who thinks this looks terrible?  
Miley Cyrus just torpedoed her own career, and MTV helped   via  
As much as I say don’t believe in having or want friends,it still sucks when you feel completely alienated&amp;distant from the ones you do have
It’s 8:45am and I already regret wearing a pencil skirt today. #ijustwanttospreadmylegs #needtoairout
For the first time in more than two weeks, my body feels rested and I'm fully awake.
Watching last night’s #IAmCait and all I’m thinking is… , have you seen #transhealthfail and  ?
The weekend broke me.

I’m in bad shape today.
The faces of transgender teen America   via  
Do I even have a blog anymore?    
Of the 100+ needles I've jabbed into my own leg over the last couple of years, that's the only one that really hurt like hell. WTF.
Definitely a very different reaction to Kanye’s speech from white people vs black people in my timeline. #vmas
Really not sure what’s going on right now. #vmas
Super bummed about Wes Craven. :(
Yeah, uh…what the fuck?  
I’m too old to be as not sober as I’ve been this weekend. Usually, I save that for weekdays.
#beinganadult  
“You can go out, but you can’t hang.” -  
We’re three minutes into #VMAs2015 and I already don’t know what’s going on
Ugh. I still have another needle to stick in me tonight too. Dammit. #somanyneedles
A4: I don’t jog. I run. Don’t call it jogging. #runchat  
Apparently, I'm the kind of person who gets a head tattoo  
Apparently, I'm getting tattooed tonight.   is the worst influence
Well, I guess I'm getting drunk with a bunch of cis people today
"Honey Badger of the Internet"  
PHP is the fucking devil.  
I make so much use of CodeRunner while working on MTH it’s not even funny  
Oh, right, this guy.     
Making heavy use of PHP traits today
I guess Netflix figured out I’m trans  
I don’t even know where one illegally downloads movies from anymore. I used to be so on top of this. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I've been up for 23 hours and only 95% sure I'm not concussed.

Goodnight, Twitter. Let's chat tomorrow.
This is my night with andrewselfies and    
Thing I’m really good at: Eating too much Dos Toros
At this point, I'm basically a Snickers commercial except with running instead of Snickers.
I ran 10k last night and 10k this morning. I'm recharged and ready to go again. Come at me world.
Somehow, pedophilia is okay if the child is trans   
I will NOT fall back into depression
I will NOT fall back into depression
I will NOT fall back into depression
Okay, mental health and sanity really need me to run tonight, but I just have no desire or motivation to both. UGH.
This is literally my favorite tweet of all time.  
This is a weird move for Instagram. The square was a feature and great design choice, not a limitation.  
Yay! 859 backers and $33,094! Thank you everyone! I will now shut up about the Kickstarter!  
I haven’t run all week. I’ve also been super miserable all week.
Yup, No Fun Amelia the Man-Hater sucking the fun out of everything. Glad I'm just a joke.
I have never felt more hopeless for the future than I do right now. I hope you two enjoyed that.
If you're cisgender and we're talking about trans stuff, I'm right and you're wrong. It's literally that simple. You don't get a say.
Also, the last time I ever let my guard down and trust a man again.
And there's the reminder of why I don't believe in having friends
You know what I miss? The Twitter fail whale.
Fucker sat next to me at a breakout session &amp; is earning the gold medal for manspreading. Kicking his leg out of my space and he won’t move.
Every tweet I see about that video autoplaying on Twitter makes me that much happier I use   which doesn’t autoplay video. Ugh.
Serious line for the women’s room at #ymdc2015. Nice to see enough women here to cause that, but also kind of annoying.
Oh neat, the iOS feature I worked on is being demoed during the keynote at #ymdc2015
Start talking to random girl at this conference, turns out she works for an all-women led company and her boss is a trans woman
This is the biggest conference badge ever  
This is the biggest conference badge ever  
A5: Give me a soft pretzel and some beer and I’m good. Will also take soup if it’s not summer. #bibchat  
“Welcome to Club Trans. Your membership card is in the mail. 

Good luck, you’ll need it."
A4: Usually the medal. It’s something I see hanging on my wall every day. #bibchat  
A3: Would LOVE a women’s cut finisher hoodie! Long sleeves are useful too. #bibchat  
A1: Not important at all. Unless it’s a women’s tech shirt, keep it. Medals are nice, but not why I race. #bibchat  
Another #bibchat already?! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Here’s what I look like when I’m reviewing code at work  
If you don’t follow  , you should checkout her timeline from today. She’s RTing TONS of tweets about misogyny in the music world
Why does everyone always think I hate them?

If I willingly talk to you, I almost definitely don’t hate you.
Feeling guilty about not getting up and running this morning, but my body was not moving out of that bed.
They don't care about yr trans parent's story, they want yr story about having to "deal with them." #youretheproblem  
Well, I Marilyn Monroed the hell out of the PATH station this morning
"I want it to be very clear that I am calling you a lunch meat." -  
I may be disgusting, but I am not filthy!  
Apparently, my schedule this evening doesn’t allow for dinner.
Coworker: Will   have user accounts? You could out someone if you’re targeted for an attack
Me: Yup. And we *will* be targeted.
How exactly do you “visually inspect” someone’s gender? Are you going to force ppl to strip &amp;examine their genitals?  
I feel super comfortable modifying this code. Totally. Yeah. Seriously. Yup.
*create branch*
“Fuck. I need to refactor X to do this”

*create 2nd branch*
“Fuck. I need to refactor Y to refactor X”

*create 3rd branch*
This is really fascinating —&gt; The Dorito Effect: Healthy food is blander than ever — and it's making us fat  
Ladies, hold the pole, not your boyfriend/husband/¯\_(ツ)_/¯ when standing on the subway.
Interesting thing since transitioning is I don't enjoy punk bands with male singers anymore. Not sure if causation or correlation
A6: Me! #runchat  
A3: Not nearly as often as I should. I generally like hill sprints and your generic fartleks. #runchat  
Really,  ? Didn't have a smaller box or couldn't have put this in the other refrigerated box?  
A1: I don’t typically watch track events, but I LOVE watching marathons on TV! #runchat  
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! Since there are no   socks in the trans pride colors, I’m going to go with black!
Just reserved my Purr Programmer from   via  , available for the next 21 days
Pretty sure I just tried on all of H&amp;M
I do the opposite and focus on the pain. I use it to drive me to work harder and be more prepared.  
I could really use a new pair of   distance shorts in fast red, but I can’t find a pair anywhere :(
The fuck even is this code I’m writing ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What is with this new Swarm icon on iOS? I don't want this thing on my homescreen.
Oh, hey, I got CPR certified this morning #savinglives
That time I talked to Cosmo about   
I didn't think it was possible, but shuffleboard is actually really rad
I mean, yes, I am human, but you can’t erase my transgender experience and identity. It’s important.  
Um,  , everything okay over here?  
Don’t know when it officially happened, but I’m finally starting to feel not entirely clueless at work anymore. I’ve been here 50 weeks.
A whole lot of comments on this PR for it being a just a single line of code being changed.
Hey! Do I know any copywriters or advertising people who are trans? Get at me!
Next Week Amelia called, she said she's still sweating from this morning's run.
Hattie just came over and started headbutting me in the face and somehow managed to lodge an eyelash between my two front teeth #catlife
Well, I just wrote some really wonky code to get around a really asinine Doctrine+Symfony+Twig problem that's been bugging me for a week
We're gross --&gt; 16 Things You'll Only Understand If You're a Runner   via  
“I work at Tumblr” should be an option here  
I’d much more prefer if this question had checkboxes instead of radio buttons  
I look like I fell in a pool after that run. Now I'm leaving a sweat trail throughout the house.
A6: Typically, my wife ( ) and I are a package deal for racecations. #bibchat  
A2: #runDisney races are always an amazing experience. I get to meet up with so many of my #bibchat friends!  
A1: Non-local races are an excuse to travel and see somewhere new. #bibchat  
A1: Non-local races are an excuse to travel and see somewhere new. #bibchat  
Hey #bibchat! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! Here’s a picture of sick me from over the weekend    
A+ butt. I’m a fan.  
Ran 4.03 miles in 33 mins and felt great. As much it killed me to have to take two rest days in a row than   
This guy on Chopped reminds me of Wario. I hope he loses
Great thing about my job: I can walk up to literally anyone and question how something will affect our trans users and be heard
I regularly break most of these laws. Pretty sure it’s illegal NOT to jaywalk in NJ/NYC. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   
Saw a trans woman in the wild while out to lunch. We both clocked each other, but couldn’t say anything. :/
Tinder but for adoption
Five new engineers at Tumblr this week. Three are women. #intothis
I came in to this mess on my desk today. Thanks    
Just realized this dress makes me look pregnant which is just all kinds of a big tease
Yeah, that's the kind of thing I'll go back for   
Woke up and my head hurt too much to run. Got on a PATH car with no AC. Realized I forgot my phone and had to go back home. #crushingit
Cis people are murdering trans women of color faster than I can even keep up with. Faster than our community can grieve and honor.
#NotAllDaleks  
That time I talked to TechCrunch about  !  
I was a guest on the   podcast! If you want to hear my (gross) voice, give it a listen!  
Thank goodness there are cis ppl out there who can explain what being trans means. Otherwise trans ppl might have to explain their own lives
Oh. My. God. These release notes for 4.3.1 of the iOS   app.  
Uber but for cereal
If I didn’t get sick I would’ve had my first 30 mile week in months. I got dressed to run, but I’m too drained to actually go do it. Oh well
I'm all for people celebrating their heritage, but I'd be even more for it if their parade went down a street that wasn't mine
I can't remember the last time I felt this miserably sick. I can't remember what it feels like to not be sick anymore. I think I'm dying.
Barista at this coffee shop just said his first album was Alkaline Trio. I didn’t catch which album, but I feel super old now
Feeling sicker by the minute, but still working on   with   at    
Black man walking down the street yelling "yeah, I'm a republican! We had a democrat and look what happened! Fucking gays, all this shit!"
I've gained the reputation at work of being the girl who will do shots of hot sauces other people are afraid to even look at. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Sad to see all the   interns leaving today except  , he's pure Connecticut Bullshit
Mac Miller is at Tumblr and I have no idea who that is, but   is fanboying HARD. He’s literally crying.
This post I wrote over a year ago is all of a sudden getting thousands of views this week. Really weird.  
.   explain yourself.  
Why does   even bother having a schedule? I walked down the steps to watch the 8:06 pull away at 8:04
I don’t recommend this  
I get to work with people like   who call out things like this  
I am super not into the first two on this list  
I really ❤️ , but I don’t love their obsession w/the heavily transphobic   that keeps dumping her into my timeline
I have a work meeting this afternoon that’s stressing me hardcore. It’s a really good thing I ran this morning and am in a kick-ass mood
“It's so much work to chop your balls off.” -   #TransHealthFail
Ran 6.2 miles in 54 mins and felt great. Squeee!!! Today was fun. I just ran and had fun! I left the house for fo   
Today's the 1st I've ever had to try to talk myself OUT of running at 5:30am. I failed. Also, 1st I've ever run 7 days straight. #runchat
Hey  , did you see this? #periodsarenotaninsult  
k.  
I'm willing to bet there isn't a person in America who cares less about the people of New Jersey than   does.
Apparently, I’m not wearing matching earrings today. I guess I wasn’t as on top of my game this morning as I thought I was.
I have trans-inclusive health care, but pay for my estradiol entirely out of pocket because it’s just fewer headaches. #TransHealthFail
If I say “stop murdering trans women of color” and you say “stop murdering everyone,” you’re completely missing the point. Don’t do this.
BREAKING: Black Trans Woman Found Dead in Dallas is 13th Trans Person Murdered in 2015   via  
The Comedy You Love Uses Trans Women As Punchlines And We Need To Talk About It   via  
Ran 4 miles in 35 mins and felt great. I woke up an over an hour late today and refused to not run! It was a fun    
Monday should have been a rest day. I ran
Yesterday should have been a rest day. I ran.
Today should have been a rest day. I ran.
#runchat
A5: I am the heaviest sweater you’ve ever met! I work up a sweat just from eating. #bibchat  
A4: Don’t just hydrate right before/after a run. Make hydration a key part of your day every day. #bibchat  
A4: Don’t just hydrate right before/after a run. Make hydration a key part of your day every day. #bibchat  
A1: Ugh! Breathing in the humidity is worst! I can deal with the sweating, even though I hate sweating. #bibchat  
Yes,I'm carrying a giant alligator I won in a claw game at Dave&amp;Busters in one try. No, bro,this is not an invite to harass me on the street
Misgendered by a video game
Perfect day to have soup delivered to you for lunch
Reminder that “got mine, fuck everyone else” mentality can infect any community and it’s complete shit
Ran 6.2 miles in 54 mins and felt great. 10k OF RAIN RUNNING BLISS!!! I splashed in all the puddles and had ALL T   
Love the guy squatting on a crowded   this morning taking up space where two people could have stood
It's raining hard again and it's just making me want to go back out and run more #thisismyfavoritething
Nothing like a rainy day to separate those who love running from those who think it's a chore #runchat
Few things suck as much as brushing your teeth with a canker sore 😬😫😢
Well, the dudes downstairs have lived here for three days and I already hate them. That didn’t take long.
I should also remind y’all about the (worldwide) running group I *run* for trans ppl. Get at me if you’re trans &amp; you run! #runchat #bibchat
If you’re a trans person in tech in the NYC area, join the meetup  ,  , and I are starting!  
At least you can rely on   to constantly be a worthless piece of shit. Asshole.  
*ignores alarm, sleeps in*
“Today’ll be my rest day,I’ll run tomorrow”

Later…
“Fuck it,I need to run”

This has been happening a lot lately
I followed my test account from my main account &amp; then forgot and then this confused the hell out of me #thankstumblr  
Conversations with    
Decision for tonight is do I go home and 1) run or 2) work on MTH. I don’t think I’ve got enough time for both.
Between what’s going on w/  &amp; how they handle trans athletes,it’s clear   is entirely clueless &amp;doesn’t care about athletes
What’s everyone’s favorite font to code in?
It'd be great if my body produced the right hormones on its own so I didn't have to get out of bed after realizing I forgot to inject today
Oh, shit, #Awkward is coming back soon! YAS!
A6: Picky Bars! #runchat  
A5: Good night’s sleep, proper fueling night before and morning of, time for best possible weather. #runchat  
A4: Recovery runs. It’s really difficult to run *really* slowly. #runchat  
A3: I remind myself about the bagel/burger/burrito/beer waiting for me at home. The Four Bs. #runchat  
A2: Traveling when you’re a runner means a much heavier suitcase! Try re-using clothes&amp;wake up early to run #runchat  
A1: Sometimes you gotta learn when to let go of yr running plans &amp; be flexible. Also, creative scheduling! #runchat  
#runchat time!! WOO! I’m Amelia from Jersey City. Favorite running accessory is…just need a   headband  
And they were fucking delicious  
Ran 6.2 miles in 53 mins and felt great. Great run tonight! Splits: 8:40, 8:28, 8;47, 8:40, 8:48, 8:29  
Oh, boo.   didn’t have the guts to leave that tweet undeleted.  
Well, that solves the mystery of trans people! We’re brainwashed! But…by whom?! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
It’s too early on a Sunday morning to have a PHP truthiness induced headache
Naming is one of the hardest things in programming and it never gets easier.
Hey  , I don't get a period but I also don't use that as an insult. 💋🚨🌋❗️🌹 #periodsarenotaninsult  
Crap, I forgot to back the   kickstarter before it ended. Dammit.
New ppl are moving into the 3BR downstairs. I haven’t met them yet, but I saw 3 dudes standing out front. Please tell me it’s not 3 dudes.
Ran 4.01 miles in 32 mins and felt good. Fastest run in a while and first two sub 8 minute miles in two months. I   
Changing up my bagel order from the typical everything bagel + plain cream cheese to an everything bagel with a western omelette on it 😳
I need this.   
I’ve been playing w/Atom for the last few weeks and I think I’ve got the right plugins and conf to *almost* be ready to replace Sublime
That moment when George Takei shares an article about the hashtag you started, but the article is lacking attribution  
#TheWorstPartOfDepressionIs when people try to tell you all the reasons you have to not be depressed
#TheWorstPartOfDepressionIs knowing that this won’t be the last time you’re ever depressed
I’m still that “OMG I kinda just wanna throw up” kind of painfully full from lunch. Oops.
Y'all wish you could text with me  
That moment when nine terminal windows isn’t enough for what you’re working on
Well, this is rather awesome! --&gt; Doctor Who has just cast its first transgender actor  
It's clear the US should not have bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki   via  
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt good. I didn't think there was any chance of me waking up to run this morning,   
Yeah, Chris Christie, you brag about fighting against teachers. Keep on fighting the good fight. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. #GOPDebate
You know, Mike Huckabee, being transgender isn’t a social experiment. #GOPDebate
This really isn’t the context in which I want to see trans people talked about in a national political debate. #GOPDebate
“The purpose of the military is to kill people” - Mike Huckabee, everyone
Today was a great day and then I finally turned on the #GOPDdebate and now I feel like there’s no future
Pimp My Ride is actually a great analogy for transition when you're not sober
"There are two rules! One, there's a dick! Two, it's in a shoe!" -  
If eating salsa straight from the jar with a spoon is weird, I don’t want to be normal
I don’t know where these iOS push notifications I’m testing are going, but it’s def not *my* phone. If you’re getting rando notifs,I’m sorry
What’s my new favorite blog, you ask? Well, it’s  
Sometimes I write 1,100 word pull request descriptions ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
ICYMI: I spoke to   about #transhealthfail and what   is working on and they really nailed it!  
Every song I hear from this Worriers album is like me new favorite song ever
This song hits so close to something I feel very strongly about -&gt; Worriers: Most Space   from  
Getting real tired of seeing Ronda Rousey in my Twitter timeline. May have to start unfollowing people. #rondaisabigot
Getting real tired of seeing Ronda Rousey in my Twitter timeline. May have to start unfollowing people. #rondaisabigot
I spoke to   about #transhealthfail and what   is working on and they really nailed it!  
If you work with me and don’t hear me say “fuck…fuck fuck fuck…fuck” many times each day, you should check my pulse
Ran 4 miles in 35 mins and felt good. A few pre-work miles to start the day!  
I’m too tired to go to bed
Ran 4 miles in 34 mins and felt good. Tonight's run was supposed to be yesterday morning, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.

I didn'   
Just listened to my mom hardcore rant about trans homelessness and how we need to fix it
.   everyone!  
It’s always great to do an interview with someone when you don’t have to first explain to them the language of what you’re talking about
Thanks for the   article,  !  
As a typically backend kind of engineer, it’s actually really exciting to have a visible thing in an upcoming version of the Tumblr iOS app
I need to go to bed, but I can’t stop scrolling through #ILookLikeAnEngineer
It’s sad most adults can’t grasp things like race and trans people when these two nine year olds totally get it  
I'm a self-taught PHP and iOS engineer at   and co-founder/CTO of   #ILookLikeAnEngineer  
Just kind of hanging around waiting for   to do something to make me not have a crush on her anymore
Oh, hey, BuzzFeed article  
Me: Can I be honest with you for a minute?
Coworker: You *always* are
I just found this in our code and now my day has been made  
A2: My favorite charities are those which focus on our most vulnerable and marginalized. #runchat  
I enjoyed tonight’s episode of #IAmCait a lot actually. Impressed they aired so much of her getting called on her privilege.
A1: I have not. I generally don’t feel confident I will have the time/energy to follow through. #runchat  
Y’all would be so grossed out if you knew how often I got in bed without showering after running #runchat
After a very long week I’m super excited for #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at   No specific goals for August
Ran 6.2 miles in 55 mins and felt great. Ate half a pizza, drank a beer, and then ran 10k 20 minutes later. ¯\_(ツ   
Never mind, I'mma go 🏃 with a stomach full of 🍕 and 🍺
🍕 beat 🏃 today
Jesus fucking christ.  
I missed my window to run before the heat this morning so now I have to wait until evening :/
White ppl, you should watch this #BlackLivesMatter -&gt; STOP Blaming Victims for Police Brutality | Decoded | MTV News  
In the same document, Google highlighted “health care” and asked if I meant “healthcare” AND “healthcare” and asked if I meant “health care”
One year ago today, I received a pretty rad job offer, here's me celebrating  
That moment when you’re trying really hard to help someone you care a lot about and you know you’re failing them hard.
If you have pizza, you're living the life
This is great -&gt; When Runners Talk About Anything Except Running - Women's Running   via  
That feeling when you can't tell if a guy is staring at you because he knows you're trans or because he wants to fuck you
I own my space when in public, sometimes men have no idea how to handle that
Things I love more than running:
I get cell service at a single stop in the middle of my PATH ride, you wouldn't believe how good I've gotten at maximizing those 30 seconds
I was really wondering what else goes in here besides Apple Watch  
Every time I'm about to forget how much I hate my   it goes and finds a way to remind me
A thing about depression is it always comes back, but I've been on top of the world for the last 8 days and I'm going to ride this high hard
Yahoo to Acquire Polyvore - yahoo: By Simon Khalaf, SVP Product &amp; Engineering, Publisher Products Polyvore   
Ran 4.01 miles in 34 mins and felt great. Great morning for a run today! And it was great to make up for m   
Absolutely scathing article about SoulCycle  
It’s an absolutely wild thing to start a hashtag and watch it take off and flood your timeline while people run with it. #didntexpectthat
OMG OMG OMG OMG #icant  
I wanted to code tonight, but I’m too hype right now
If you’ve been wanting to back  ’s Kickstarter, but haven’t yet…we’re at 92%. We could do this tonight  
It’s like how do you even hide what the reasoning for that is?   #transhealthfail
The reason we started   -&gt; #TransHealthFail
Even with trans-inclusive health care, refilling my estrogen is a huge argument with Cigna every single time. #transhealthfail
My hormone doctor recently dumped me because they’re overwhelmed with patients and they can’t handle them all. #transhealthfail
Doctor: Do you need a pap smear today?
Me: Well…about that…

#transhealthfail
So   is going to dress like a woman for a week? I used to wear women’s clothes too, look how that turned out!
Woke up to run this morning and my whole body was that achy feeling when you haven't slept so I got back in bed. I don't feel bad about it.
We sincerely appreciate all the support we've been getting, but, dudes, a get-out-of-creeping-free card isn't a  backer reward
You’re nothing until you’re something
What's it like living with mental illness? Ask   and  .  
Make trans healthcare a reality.
#ChangeTheWorldIn5Words 

 
And, girl, we just argued HARD. The   team is exploding with passion for what we’re doing.  
I tear up with every pledge the MTH Kickstarter gets. 1) at the amazing support we're getting 2) at how sad I am that MTH HAS to exist
If one of the two people interviewing you for a job is a woman, at least pretend like you think she's worthy of you even looking at her once
Tomorrow's a planned rest day,but I REALLY wanna get up &amp;run pre-work. Only problem is it's 1:15am &amp;I'm not even home yet #mylifeiskillingme
Coworker (not talking about anything trans): I’m like the best of both worlds
Me: You mean you’re like me?
Coworker: …
Is “do you even tumble, bro” a valid question to ask someone you’re interviewing?
I’m not sure what’s going to kill me first, all the partying Tumblr does or the intensity of running this   Kickstarter
It's hard for transgender people to find the right doctor. These websites could help.   via  
I work with some of the best people on the planet. #mycoworkersarebetterthanyours #fact
I can't believe my coworker,  , is finally 21 today! Happy birthday, Kennychains!
I will probably get one of these because reasons.  
The only logical way to refute marital rape being a thing is if you believe marriage provides you ownership of your partner. #DonaldTrump
It's not just humbling, but also a sign of how much trans people need help with health care.  
No one will believe anyone said this about me without a screenshot! cc:    
Can’t even describe how floored I am by the first 6hrs of the   Kickstarter! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH ❤️  
Hi  ,you’ve touched on health care access for trans ppl,can you help us make   a reality?  
Um, this happened. Holy shit.  
Launching a Kickstarter is one of the most intense things ever. So many different emotions. Excited. Terrified. Anxious.
Historically, word of mouth has been the best resource in finding safe healthcare .  
My heart is literally about to pound out of my chest right now
Never too early to start trolling    
I've run in some capacity 8 of the last 10 days and I've been feeling really great since Wednesday's breakdown. #dothemath #thankyourunning
Selfie!  
#runchat brag for this week is that I ran 22 miles this week! Not a ton, but most in two months. Making positive steps!
A6: I say this a lot, but running has literally stood between me and suicide. #ThankYouRunning #runchat  
On the real, #IAmCait is fine. There isn’t really anything *wrong* here. She seems to know the many of the right things to say…
A5: My best running discovery is, without a doubt, myself. #runchat #thankyourunning  
A4: Just need a good headband and I’m good to go. #runchat #thankyourunning  
A2: Mostly was just thinking “ugh…what am I doing? I hate running!” #ThankYouRunning #runchat  
Less than ten minutes in and #IAmCait has spent more time on screen getting ready than I do in the morning
A1: I say #thankyourunning every time I feel the serenity that it provides me.   #runchat
Inside minute one of #IAmCait and we’re already seeing her doing her makeup. Welp.
I’m going to watch #IAmCait tonight, but, like, we’re all in agreement this is going to be a shitshow, right?
Geez,  , you just keep finding ways to be completely terrible, don’t you?
Hey, anyone wanna chat database structure with me for a few minutes? Trying to decide on something here.
This is a gorgeous tattoo  
Catching up on Twitter from last night and it seems multiple women I follow were followed by creepy men last night. Men, don’t follow women.
An Asbury Lanes conversation about Tumblr employment is directly responsible for my Tumblr employment  
Click that last RT and read the whole story
Ran 4.01 miles in 35 mins and felt blah. Tough run this morning, my body just didn't want to do it, but I    
Is there anything better than a post run bagel?
Ran 6.2 miles in 55 mins and felt alright. Sadly, this is the longest run I've done since I was in SF a mo   
Also, I waited wayyyy too long to book our flights for Chicago Marathon (which neither of us are running anymore). There’s like nothing left
“We have an 11am checkin at the Hollywood Hotel.” -   telling me what FastPasses she booked for our Disney trip in Sept #WDW
I love where I live, but I sure wish my apartment wasn’t on a parade route
I know I say it all the time, but seriously, we’re looking for all kinds of engineers at Tumblr. Checkout   &amp; get at me
Shoutout to the guy last night on the PATH platform who told me he wants to rub my back and feet with baby oil and then "lick [my] asshole"
Hanging with the intern    
"Nice watch, I've got a rubber band"
What even is my life
Drinking champagne in a limo to a boat.  
Taking this to a boat. It's going to be a night, that's for sure.    
NASA's Kepler spacecraft finds Earth's cousin   via  
What I couldn't bring myself to share last night was *how* suicidal I was, closest I've been in a while.
Feeling very much recharged today after my run. A thousand times better than I did last night. Almost feel ready to take on the world again
I've run 4 of the last 5 days (and spin the day I didn't run). It's only been 16 miles, but this feels like a huge step forward right now
#thankyourunning for being the only thing that can keep the mess that is me in one piece
Today's run was way more therapeutic than 4-milers tend to be, but as soon as I finished I saw that trash account followed me and now rage
.   go fuck a rabid porcupine, you dehumanizing fuckstick
She already gave birth *inside* a shark that she rode down to Earth from space. You can’t top that. #AprilDies
I’m down with everything in #sharknado3 except the idea that the Hoff made it to the moon that quickly. That’s where I have a problem
I’m down with everything in #sharknado3 except the idea that the Hoff made it to the moon that quickly. That’s where I have a problem
I still don’t understand how Sharknado was ever a movie, but I’m so thankful there are three of them now. #Sharknado3
If you’re interacted with me recently, you likely haven’t gotten me anywhere near my best. More   
Please be less misogynistic than normal —&gt; New James Bond trailer: watch 007 uncover the truth about Spectre  
I haven’t been on Twitter since 8am this morning. Everyone please tweet all your best tweets from the day again. kthx
How unreliable is the AC on the PATH that this tweet needs to exist  
I'm so glad to say that we totally do at Tumblr   
But also, my hair is so perfect and on fleek right now that I don't want today to ever end even though it was a terrible as heck day
At least I forgot my gym bag at work which has most of what I need to get ready in the morning
Starting a non-profit is hard, yo
Geez, OS X El Capitan really loves to display text upside down  
Right now   is at   HQ performing and talking about what they do. If you’re not here, you’re missing out.
I have this weird habit of standing like a flamingo when my desk in standing mode #imweird  
Manager: How are you today? Anything I can do to help?
Me: Clear my schedule today?
Pretty sure I’ve been in some way letting down every single person who knows me lately
When you’re struggling to walk up the subway stairs, you know spin class is going to be hard. Still tied for 3rd on the Torque Board though!
I just dethroned Andrew as the Mayor of Tumblr HQ on  !
   
No, SwiftKey, not where that was going, but you really get me ❤  
Feminism.  
PLEASE, America, PLEASE let’s build a fucking moon base!  
A new NASA-funded study lays out a plan to return humans to the Moon   via  
With the exception of suggesting we're all introverts, this is extremely accurate --&gt; A Non-Runner's Guide to Runners  
For those of you not in the know, Hattie is our youngest cat  
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
“Uh…crap…how long have these boobs been on my screen without me noticing?”
So I think I’m going to need to give money to either Dropbox or Google Drive, but I’m not sure which I want to lock myself down with
Ran 4.01 miles in 36 mins and felt alright. Took a little convincing to get myself up this morning, but I did it!   
lol, Apple Watch. This is why I still run with my Garmin.  
Apple, what’s going on here?  
Despite the 92º and it only being four miles, that run was surprisingly therapeutic
Bags of dicks? Nah. That run sucked the whole dick factory
Heading out for a run. If you don’t hear from me again, I melted
I'm at Project: EATS - Jersey City in Jersey City, NJ w/    
I was lazy this morning so now I’m going to die running later 🔥🏃🔥🏃🔥
Also,    
.  , everyone  
I did!!  
Post beer mile  
Theme of this weekend: poor decisions
Beer mile. Why? (at   And Events Center in Brooklyn, NY w/    )  
Super interesting re: NASA's coding standards  
That was not the night I expected to have when I woke up this morning
It's like a fucking cop convention around here. #thanksobama
I'm at Sussex Wine &amp; Spirit in New York, NY  
Today is the first time I’ve felt any sort of cute/pretty/attractive/not disgusting in a few weeks
Rare day when   is raiding *my* closet
Today was a *really* exciting day for  ! Huge stuff is happening!
Femgineer lunch! (at   in New York, NY w/  )  
It’s a crime against all that is good in this world that it took this long for Tatiana Maslany to get an #EmmyNominations. #CloneClub
“we should document this somewhere”

*room bursts into laughter*
I was writing a blog post for today, but I don’t really think I feel like dealing with the backlash today so you all get spared!
For the morning crew, part 2  
For the morning crew, part 1  
65° and 60% humidity with a light breeze? This is unheard of in NJ in July. I HAD to pull myself out of bed to run this morning! #runchat
You don't have to like #CaitlynJenner, but if you don't think her identity is valid then you don't think mine is either.
You don't get to choose which trans people's identities are valid and which are not. You insult one of us, you insult us all.
Really, really disappointed in a long time mutual follower tonight
To be fair, if you didn’t make our lives super difficult and shitty, a trans person wouldn’t be getting a courage award right now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Is it really necessary for this #ESPYs video to use male pronouns and her deadname? Trust me, you can say Caitlyn/she/her, people will know.
Please,  , don’t fuck this up. I don’t want to have to be disappointed in you. #espys
Well, trans people are now a marketing tool. We have arrived. #sigh #ESPYs
Slack emoji responses have gotten out of control  
FOMOOGC*

*fear of missing out on grilled cheese
Hey,   --&gt; Go inside Tumblr, the quirky blogging platform Yahoo bought for $1.1 billion in 2013  
Running and sanity update  
I aimed low and just set out for 5k, but I made it without stopping after a mile!
My overwhelming disgust with how much weight I’ve gained recently was enough to get me out of bed to run this morning. Yay?
Ran 3.1 miles in 27 mins and felt alright. Sucks to be excited about successfully making it 5k, but here we are!
   
Ran 3.1 miles in 27 mins and felt alright. Sucks to be excited about successfully making it 5k, but here we are!
   
I literally sweat more on that   rode than I did on my run this morning. My hair and clothes are completely soaked in sweat
This   has no ventilation or AC running. Pretty sure we're all gonna suffocate.
Problem with being a regular at a bar is sometimes the bartender just keeps putting shots in front of you
I love that   is a “certified meme librarian”
“This is a picture of a crocodile eating a shark” -  
Do I know any awesome frontend engineers who are trans and have some sort of time in their lives for a thing?
Makes sense   has to raise its fee, but kinda weird that the email is an image of a letter, not actual text  
Reddit is such a fucking shitshow  
Look at these commit messages. Wouldn’t you love to work with me? 

   
Ugh. Couldn't look more like a dude today.

Even all those years I had a beard, I still didn't look as much like a dude as I do right now.
Looks like it get pretty windy outside. This is dress is *short*, light, and flowy.

EVERYONE’S GONNA GET A FREE SHOW!
#ladyrunnermarriedtoladyrunnerproblems  
I need to drink today because I woke up this morning
Hey! I wrote this! --&gt; The Hardest Part Is Simply Registering: The Challenges of a Transgender Runner  
Thing that scares me a lot: I’ve never actually done it,but I think a lot about forcing myself to throw up after meals b/c body image issues
I’ve been messing around with Atom as a replacement for Sublime Text. This is pretty useful.  
Tumblr TV makes a GREAT screensaver,but choose search terms wisely or you’ll end up w/lots of girls making out on yr screen when you’re away
Here is an actual map of the universe that is drawn to scale. Good luck.  
Current status: I have nothing to wear
Hey, #runchat! I’ll be in and out tonight! I’m Amelia from NJ and my favorite place to run is the Delaware Raritan Canal Path in NJ!
Heaven is a place on Earth. I don’t know where this place is, but it’s somewhere.
Amelia Gapin, Queen of Making Shit Awkward
Why are bartenders in Hoboken the worst?
Why don't boobs come with air conditioning?
Literally at an ice cream social right now
Why did I have the same page loaded in five tabs in one browser window?
My inbox right now is 😀🎉❤️💃 followed by 😢😩😱😳  
Ugh, two days in a row now I’ve gone out for short runs and only made it a mile before being entirely out of breath
Someone is doing their best impression of their momma posing for photos  
At least I spent close to 16 hours coding today
The sign of really good code is when you can’t tell if it’s terrible or it if it’s great…right? RIGHT?!
It’s 9:39pm on a Saturday night and this git commit message just happened  
#AshvsEvilDead! YAS!  
Finally watched the #DoctorWho trailer. I’m so into what this season looks like.  
Even things you really love and enjoy can frustrate the fuck out of you to the point of wanting to scream and throw everything in sight
It generally makes me extremely uncomfortable when cis people get really excited about trans stuff
Reasons I love my doctor…

Her (in reference to vitamin D): Sometimes, they have trouble getting their D up…

*we both start giggling*
Ice cream at 10:30am because Tumblr

   
It’s way too windy for this dress today. I hope everyone at the 23rd St PATH station enjoyed the show!
Me: I'm literally gay for you.
Wife: No, you're not. You'd be gay without me too.
Me: Good point.
Thank you   for nailing this piece about  ! --&gt; Trans-Friendly Doctors Just Got Easier To Find  
If you don’t respect your users, you don’t deserve them
Well, that’s super gross #vaguetweets
Local Gay Men Ruin Everything
I’m really disappointed in myself for not waking up to run this morning. I even got out of bed when my alarm when off…and then got back in.
When you discover a new song that perfectly encapsulates everything you’ve been feeling for a long time
Happy birthday to one of my best friends,  ! 💥🎂🎂🎂💥
Sweet, just implemented multi-language support for  
Hey  , your   show does more harm than good. If you’re going to do a show about trans ppl, maybe know something first
Friends are cool, but also they’re kind of just a liability.

In other news, I’m a really jaded and cynical person.
Friends are cool, but also they’re kind of just a liability.

In other news, I’m a really jaded and cynical person.
Always fun to be reminded of the fact that literally no one gets me at all. #dramaididntevenknowabout
Just blew a coworker’s mind by telling him I was in a fraternity in college
Okay lady who refused to stop leaning on the pole in a crowded train even when asked, we get it, you're a terrible piece of trash. Now move.
Is it weird to give your hair a pep talk?
A5: Depression and eating too much at every meal. #bibchat   
A4: The part where I go outside and…run (???) for…fun (???). Like, what even is that? #bibchat  
A3: The ideal running shoe isn’t elusive. I’ve found it and I’m in love with it. I buy pairs in bulk and would marry it if I could! #bibchat
Trying to decide between running or spin in the morning.
If your username is   and you try to follow me, you can go right ahead and fuck off with a cactus. Instant block.
I’ve had two conversations about this today so I guess I’ll just throw it out here publicly…
The saddest email subject line  
Breakfast.  
Not sure what was grosser about my run this morning, the humidity or the group of cyclists who catcalled me
When you've gain so much weight your running clothes don't fit anymore
I leave   unattended for like three hours and all of a sudden we’re going to Disney in September.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯   
You know what would make   even better? If their site actually worked properly when you need it to
Not sure when it happened, but my tumblr dash has switched from being all trans stuff and Doctor Who to being just gifs of girls making out
Huh, I just got my lab results back and they’re not at all what I was expecting. Electrolytes are normal. Vitamin D is SUPER low though.
Someone on the internet wants to know the “difference between men penis and transgender penis.” At least according to my search referrals
Anyone else have an issue playing music saved for offline use in iOS 9 beta 2 when a data connection isn't available?
I spent a good 30 hours of my 4-day weekend working on   and don’t have a quarter the amount of code to show for it as I’d like
Hey #runchat! Not sure how long I’ll make it tonight, but I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at   :)!
Ain’t bad? It’s actually the best fucking thing ever! #runchat    
Before you make that Pearl Harbor joke today, maybe consider not doing it instead? #USA #USAvsJPN  #USWNT
How is this real life? #usa
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #usa
Oh geez #USA #WWC2015
Well, that was quick #USA #WWWCFinal #WWC2015 #WorldCupFinal #whattheheckistherighthashtag
“Where the fuck is this entirely unhelpful PHP error coming from?!”

two hours later…

“OMG. It’s an error_log() I dropped in last night”
There are three different fireworks displays visible in this shot of the NYC skyline. And another directly behind me.  
Preparing to watch fireworks with One WTC, Ellis Island, and the Statue of Liberty in view for maximum fucking freedom
Who looks more different now, me or  ?  
Well, looks like a last minute change to our plans today :/
I’m thankful Amazon got us cat food today since we’re completely out, but maybe the delivery person could have had the day off instead?
Look, I’m glad I was born and live here rather than other places and America can be kinda cool sometimes, but it’s also really shitty a lot
As someone who's not patriotic/nationalistic &amp; would rather fix our problems than celebrate our self-declared greatness,4th of July is weird
It feels really weird not running the Cranford Firecracker 4-miler today. We've run the race for the last 6 years. #runchat #4thofJuly
I've been working on   for the last 12 hours, I guess it's time to call it a day.
It’s way too beautiful outside to be inside working, but I can’t leave   to build all of   by herself!
Well, that's a new one  
I would literally kill for a bagel right now, but not running has made none of my clothes fit anymore :/
Can't think of a better way to spend a Friday morning than racing   on the   torque board and winning. #nevercoast
I guess a   class is a better way to spend my morning than staying in bed in the fetal position hating everything
Seems there’s an inverse relationship between how much you love Jesus &amp; how much you understand any of what he taught  
Thanks for the salt packets,  !
Looks like   and I are basically glasses twins  
Looks like   and I are basically glasses twins  
fuck depression.
Dr appt wasn't really super helpful. She agrees that everything points to an electrolyte issue, but we have to wait for my labs to come back
Weird thing about your doctor being in the same building you work in is sometimes you end up at work when the office is closed
If you feel like you’re not quite hitting your full potential with how much you hate yourself, might I suggest getting three cats?
Yeah, except it's a horrible day for sex workers who are trying to survive.  
Can someone make a movie called Jaws vs Jaws and it’s the shark from Jaws vs Jaws from old James Bond movies?
If there’s an upside to this shitty haircut that I HATE, it’s that it’s taught me how to embrace my curly hair &amp; possibly even love it (?!)
heads up to cis people everywhere, yes, i’ve seen the girl scouts thing a thousand times. please stop sending it to me now. kthx.
When the class you’re looking for in an iOS project turns out to be Swift instead of ObjC.  
*decides to check out Beats 1*

11 seconds later…

“yeah, no.”
Black ppl/trans ppl/women are still treated like they don't matter.America,stop patting yourself on the back for marriage equality &amp; FIX IT!
uh huh  
Hey #bibchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at  
Oh, damn. AWS is down? Well, there goes the internet
Not into office games that give points for shaming coworkers and being an asshole
Being my editor is all fun and games until you try to take my oxford comma away
You get an amber alert! And YOU get an amber alert! And YOU get an amber alert!  
View from behind my computer today  
Only at my job could I be 32 and feel like a completely out-of-touch senior citizen. #getoffmylawn #yutes
Still don’t know what’s wrong w/my body yet, but I’m legit sore after yesterday’s 4 miles. Even after 2wks off, that shouldn’t be the case
Go capitalism! ugh.  
OK world, you gave breaking me the old college try today, but I'm still standing fine, I'm in bed. Still, I'm beaten up, but not beaten
Check out this article about  ! I can't wait to launch this fall!  
“Have you ever been with a girl like me before?” - me to my coworker just now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Like, if I didn’t run this morning, wasn’t having a great hair day, and didn’t look cute af today, I probably would’ve given up by now
Ever have one of those days where it feels like the world is actively trying to destroy you? I’m having that today, wtf.
A cis white male comedian talked about trans ppl &amp; I don’t feel the need to flip all the tables? This doesn’t feel real. Where’s the catch?
John Oliver did a surprisingly awesome job with this --&gt; Last Week Tonight with John Oliver: Transgender Rights  
Ran 4.02 miles in 34 mins and felt good. I ran for the first time in two weeks today and it was great! Wel   
It's incredibly scary to be a transgender woman of color right now   via  
Hey, y’all, if we work together and try really, really hard, maybe we can make this a slow news week?
Same.  
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at  
“I’m glad same sex-couples can get married now, it should have always been like that, but now it’s time to focus on trans people” - my mom
Well, I guess this article I’m writing about registering for race as a trans runner is going to indicate my genital configuration ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I planned on trying to run today, but motivation is low
Wife: I should probably have some water today. 
Me: Water is gay.
Episode 12 of #OITNB. Fuck.
Happy birthday to my beautiful and amazing wife  !!! 🎂🎁🎊🎉🎈❤️💃💃💝
"he expresses fear through his anus." -  
"they put me together wrong. They ran out of the correct parts and just used what they had left."
This was supposed to be my day off from drinking
So I'd say   is having a good birthday lunch  
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Gays can get married, but I still can’t get this code to work. THANKS SCOTUS!
Tumblr is so fucking gay  
Exactly this!  
Getting cissplained about how trans people should handle their activism
I wonder what it feels like to be *this* awful   
Yeah, it’s definitely ‘fuck.’ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
Today   has a rainbow avatar, but two days ago   was silencing a trans woman of color and kicking her out #MarriageEquaility
Anyway, I’m done being all negative nancy about it for now, go #MarriageEquaility!
A lot of ppl are saying it’s a step &amp; all that, sure, but the T in LGBt is *always* left behind. The Ls and Gs are not “coming back for us.”
I mean, marriage is cool and important and all (I am married after all), but there are so many basic need-this-just-to-survive things still
Yay everyone gets to marry, but what about employment discrimination? What about violence against trans women? What about “bathroom bills?”
Recently fell back in love with one of my favorite albums from 10yrs ago, but I used to be obsessed with the 1st half, now it’s the 2nd half
Also found an anti-trans article from last year with a bunch of fuckers shit talking me in the comments
Was googling myself and found a photo I took of Shalane Flanigan used in an article I'd never seen before
Seriously, if you want to make sure you don’t get any more work done today, checkout  
I looked super good this morning. Then I went to the Tumblr Soul Cycle ride and now I don’t look good anymore.
Hey! Tumblr TV is live now!!!  
Okay, the Tumblr shirts for pride are so good I might actually go. Maybe.  
I’ve got some kick-ass curls today, y’all
Maybe   could write an open letter to   asking him not to silence trans women of color
ICYMI: We announced   today and I couldn’t be more excited!   #girlslikeus #folkslikeus
I'm really, really excited to finally be able to talk about this!!   
Hey! Everyone! Checkout what we’re doing at  !
Hey, come to NJ for a free orchi!  
Amelia Eats Lunch, A Memoir
I’m REALLY excited that today I get to announce the project I’ve been working on with some folks since last fall. It’s going to be great!
That moment when you realize you put a line of code in the wrong place and your script is now going to send you tens of thousands of emails
If you write software with name/gender fields, both of these should be easily changeable at *any* time and FULLY propagate everywhere
FYI: If you’re running the iOS 9 beta, beta 2 seems way more stable and less battery drainy so far.
Ohhhh iOS 9 beta 2 is available now. Fingers crossed they’ve at least fixed the battery drain.
Weird thing about being trans no one tells you is you become hyper-focused on trying to decipher *exactly* what people think about you
. : Thanks for your consideration

Me: Wasn’t really consideration, I guess. I had no plans on changing
Well that was a tough spin class
It's awesome when you like someone more when you meet them in meatspace. It really sucks when you like them less.
me: there is something wrong with me physically
wife: yeah I know
me: no, besides *that*
Hey, thanks to everyone who reached out and provided support/positivity over the last few days. I’m feeling a lot better today.
Why is literally everything going on and everyone trying to hang out with me on Thursday? I have six different things going on
Tumblr roof deck is open for partying  
ICYMI: My trip to Duluth —&gt; A Racecation Without the Race   #runchat
Whenever I move desks, I revisit my setup. Last move I downsized to 3 displays. This time I swapped my Dell display for a 2nd Apple display
I am now sitting at my 10th desk in less than 10 months at Tumblr. I also joined a new team that has a fun name, Jazz Falcons!
Planning femgineer lunch was an annoying pain in the ass this month, but it’s always a great time even when only four of us can make it
Sorry, that autocorrect typo was really bothering me so I had to fix that :)
My trip to Duluth —&gt; A Racecation Without the Race   #runchat
All because of a tumblr post :)
Are we doing #runchat brags this week? Because I totally PRed in crying in public over DNSing a race this week!  
I don't have trouble knowing it will pass. My problem is that I know it'll come back again.  
Hey #runchat! Not sure how much I’ll stick around for tonight, but hey! I’m Amelia from NJ, next race is… ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Wife: Hey, so did you get me anything for my birthday?
Me: FUCK!
#SpankAFeminist? Sure, if you want me to remove your arm from your body for you, go for it.
I'm pre-gaming coffee with   by drinking an entire pot of coffee at home
While TSwift doesn't need more money, I agree that a free trial for a new Apple product should be paid out of their pocket, not artist's
Depression when (or because) I can't run is the most dangerous &amp; scary. My escape is taken away, I have no healthy way to process &amp; recover
Depression when (or because) I can't run is the most dangerous &amp; scary. My escape is taken away, I have no healthy way to process &amp; recover
Best part about all the traveling I've been doing lately it's not having to deal with this  
Would anyone be interested in reading a 3200 word blog post about my trip to Duluth? Because if you are, I could make that happen for you
.  This flight is an hour delayed because ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. Now I don't have a ride home from the airport anymore. Pay for my uber.
Well, I'm certainly glad they figured out this plane doesn't have enough fuel in it before we took off instead of after. Good job,  ?
It should be customary to provide passengers with free wifi when a flight is delayed
You know,  , I never know if it's going to be coming or going, but you always find a way to fuck up, don't you?
And now I'm getting rickrolled by this restaurant which I'm actually okay with
I absolutely credit running for me still being alive so it's completely fucked that it also can take me down like this.
This is so fucking dumb.
And now I'm crying in the airport. WTF is wrong w/me? This is fucking ridiculous. I've cried more in the last 26hrs than I have in last 3yrs
Ugh. Low 50s, overcast, light drizzle, tailwind. This is literally perfect marathon weather. Like definite PR weather. Kill me. #Gmas15
Yup, I'm sticking to my rule that you don't get to call it a bagel if it's made outside the greater NYC area. #bagelsnob
This place is called Big Apple Bagels. I'm not expecting it to live up to that name. (  Big Apple Bagels)  
I should be wearing this right now #gmas15  
I'll tell you one thing, I wouldn't want to live a life that couldn't be describe as strange
If only y'all knew how often my wife's only response to me is "you weirdo."  
But anyway, can being trans stop being a big deal now, please?
If your idea of dancing Is just humping the air, maybe consider not dancing.
My goal for society is one in which I can walk up to this chick and be like "hey are you trans too? Let's be friends!"
If you can't run, you might as well drink, right?  
And what makes this even harder is this whole place is basically the marathon equivalent of Halloween Town from Nightmare Before Christmas
Ugh. People here are *too* nice. I don't know how to handle places where everyone is super nice and friendly
Running is so important to me that it's literally *the* reason I won't have gender confirmation surgery. Don't want to not able to run 4mos
I know this all sounds really dumb, but I worked harder for this marathon than any other to date &amp; running is the most important thing to me
Walking to the expo I changed my mind back to running for real, but my knee started hurting enough to kill that for good hence crying
It was not pretty and I'm clearly not handling this like an adult. Fuck.
After picking up my race packet I couldn't exit the expo fast enough before having a huge emotional breakdown tear-fest over not running
But what if I run this marathon tomorrow.
I love working for a place where I get to go “holy fuck, that’s awesome” when new projects are announced
God-fucking-dammit. Would you people stop fucking murdering my community already  
That feeling when you’re in Duluth for a marathon you’re not running anymore and you see everyone out doing their shake out runs :( #runchat
Walk into a coffee shop in Duluth and they're blasting Jawbreaker. This is def my kind of place.
Fanciest airport bathroom I've ever been in  
Bartender at this bar in Superior, WI thought I was 22. I think I might like it out here
But on the plus side, my seat is both an aisle and window seat.
Also, the only plane I've been on smaller than this I jumped out of
I'm not going to say what my hack day project was, but let's just say I've got a ton of cute cat gifs on my phone now
I've probably mentioned this before, but when I started my job I trained myself to say "gif" differently for fear of being made fun of
On my way to the airport to fly to a marathon I'm not running (I swear!)
Not that I can take   very seriously to begin with, but it’s entirely impossible when he’s wearing Google Glass
HOLY FUCK, Y’ALL! My hack day project is working and it’s fucking awesome!

And a huge thanks to   for all the help this morning!
Yup, definitely too old to be staying up until 3:30 hacking and then only sleeping 2.5 hours.
Charleston. fuck.
Seriously can’t remember the last time I’ve had this much fun programming
I’ve been hacking away at my hack day project for 9+ hours and it’s felt like 10 minutes. So into this right now.
How did my life get to a point where it’s going to be a fight with myself to *not* run a marathon? #runchat
Who’s going to make sure I don’t actually decide to run Grandma’s Marathon Saturday morning? I fear I’ll get there and be like “screw it”
It’s Tumblr Hack Day!!!! My project is probably going to kick my ass.
Ugh. Looking back at tonight's #bibchat and really wishing I could have participated
none-sam-left-demon said: Why are tags such as Ferguson being deleted?  
#ThreeWordsSheWantsToHear Fuck the patriarchy
I've got some issues with this here. We don't look normal? We don't have normal lives?    
Is there any way to speed up this process to have it happen, say, tomorrow? Asking for a friend.  
Super proud of myself for getting up at 5:30 this morning after being on the West Coast last week
Treating her like a human is probably a good place to start  
Amelia "Always on the the Scene to Call Out Transphobic Gay Men" Gapin
Not the first time   has pulled this stunt. So disappointing that one is.  
What’s a CSS?
Got a notification that   followed me, but looks like it was a mistake. That was the most exciting few seconds I’ve had in a while
Today’s Friday, right? Right?? RIGHT?!?
Miami will fuck you up. Poor girl just turned 24 yesterday.  
Oh, hey, if you rely on vagrant and install the OS X 10.11 El Capitan beta, you’ll need this   #wwdc #wwdc15
From this point on, our oldest cat will be known as Turanga “The Main Event” Leela.
A2: I share any runs or achievements anytime I’m proud of them #runchat
A1: ALL about the solitude and alone time! It’s a time to process and escape. #runchat
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at  
Why, yes, I did just check into a second bagel place today. If you're surprised by this, you don't know me very well
Truth!  
Hey bro, if you offer your seat to a woman on the train and she clearly says she prefers to stand, don't keep pressing her to take it
Back home to my baby boy. He missed me so much! Greeted me at the door and rubbed all over me. ❤  
`git pull origin master` on the tumblr repo at 35,000ft after not pulling for a week is a bad idea
That moment when you finally realize your DB query is returning 0 rows because there’s actually no data and not because you’re an idiot
Hey, couple next to me on this plane, when you whisper to each other it feels like you're making fun of the trans chick (me) next to you
Hanging with the norms back here. Also, look how poofy my hair is today :/  
Can't upgrade to jetBlue Mint class on the way back. Back to flying with the commoners!
How can you know you're truly alive if no one is threatening your life?
Now that's just mean!   
Like, is this even real life?   
Well, that escalated quickly   
Well, that escalated quickly   
Turns out, I was wrong in that last tweet. Who knew?   
I'm a woman who just so happens to be of a transgender variation. If your form makes me choose between woman and trans, I'm selecting woman
So much TV to catch up on when I get home. Two Orphan Black episodes, iZombie, OITNB, and I have so much sens8 still!
Weird thing in OS X El Capitan beta, Facebook doesn’t work in Safari.
*looks around hotel room, sees mess she made*

“well, at least I made myself at home”
These nuts are spiced
There is no comparison between transgender people and Rachel Dolezal | Meredith Talusan  
This presenter is *really* going for it on the puns #WWDC
You didn't think people actually started to understand and accept trans people did you?

Oh, you did?

Awww that's so cute.
*wakes up, looks at Twitter*

"Oh fuck."
Imagine how good life would be with an internet-enabled kayak
These words by   don't just apply to running as a woman, but existing as a woman    
This except I went the other direction --&gt; 25 Examples Of Male Privilege From A Trans Guy’s Perspective  
Yes yes yes!  
Sounds dangerous. RT  : Announcement: Removing the 140 character limit from Direct Messages.
 
Just chilling out here in the Moscone for a bit.  
SPIN!! &lt;3 RT  : Fill in the blank: my favorite cross-training activity is _______.  
What I’m saying is this morning’s crap run is kind of ruining my whole day :(
The weird thing about running is it’s kind of the most important thing in my life #runchat
A good run can do a lot to make me feel better when I need it, but when I’m kind of a mess emotionally&amp;a run goes bad…it’s never good for me
I have a really hard time getting down with cities where people don't jaywalk
I wish I could convey just how much I hate this haircut and how much it’s totally destroying my confidence and emotional well-being
Hey, any SF runners I know want to go for a run early tomorrow morning?
Seems like Fry is really upset that I'm not home :(
And to the surprise of exactly zero trans people --&gt; Anti-LGBT Violence Down, Anti-Trans Hate Crimes Up  
Things I've heard Apple presenters call force touch: force press, deep press

Seems like even they aren't into the name. #WWDC15
Have ever told y’all about my crush on Carly Rae Jepson?
Into generics in Objective-C #WWDC15
I’ve got three Tumblr shirts weighing down my backpack. Come find me at #WWDC15 and relive me of this burden!
Ran 6.22 miles in 48 mins and felt great. Crushed a morning run today in San Francisco!

Ran down to Embarcadero    
Lunch at Yahoo!  
I'd say Apple Watch penatration at #WWDC15 is something like 90%
Don’t mind me, I’m just the girl walking around Moscone with a laptop in her hand installing beta OSes on everything #WWDC15
By the end of today I will be running beta OSes on:
- primary computer
- primary phone
- my watch
I really don't think I'm the kind of person Apple Music or any of these other services can ever be useful to
Third party apps look really responsive on Watch OS 2 #WWDC15
SUPER into these Apple Watch updates. Provides literally *everything* I've wanted and felt was missing. #WWDC15
Third party complications on Aplle Watch. Fucking fuck yes #WWDC15
Like people really did go nuts   
Apple News keeps track of more than a million topics. Is one of them "articles about trans ppl that don't make me want to scream?" #WWDC15
Second woman on stage at #WWDC15. 

Both white.
Transit in Apple Maps actually looks pretty awesome #WWDC15
Wallet app icon #WWDC15
This guy presents like he used to work on Disney's The Great Movie Ride #WWDC15
I'm into this window management shit #WWDC15
Well, that's all I need from OS X #WWDC15
Getting this out of the way now, I'm the kinda gal who installs beta OSes on primary devices. #WWDC15
Welp, I've got a seat for the keynote  
No covered banners at #WWDC  
Ack,just did an interview for NBC while waiting in the keynote line about being a woman in tech.Basically just hated on the patriarchy #wwdc
Also, I hate my new haircut
Can we stop pretending unisex shirts are "uni" anything?  
Guy from Apple starts talking to me in a bar and says "you're not a developer,right?"

I nearly removed his teeth with my fist. #brogrammers
Badged up! #wwdc  
Peak Apple Watch in San Francisco right now
And, hey, if any of my SF friends or folks also here for #WWDC want to meet up at any point, let me know! I'd love to say hi! #meetamelia
Hello San Francisco! Last time I was in you, I looked quite different #wwdc  
Overall thoughts on jetBlue Mint: man, if you can afford to fly like this*, you'd be a fool not to.

*I can not.
Final jetBlue Mint treat on our descent  
At least I spilled coffee all over my lap. I’m going to walk off this plane looking like I pissed myself :(
Apparently, you get dessert on jetBlue Mint too. Sheesh!  
Breakfast on jetBlue Mint. Watermelon salad, scrambled eggs with bacon, and a cheese and sausage biscuit  
Birchbox for jetBlue Mint  
Fancy times up here in JetBlue Mint class  
That feeling when your double oncall shift ends early because you're going to #WWDC  
Woke and looked in the mirror, "nah, I don't need makeup today."

Well, this is new.
I'm not super sober right now, but I hope this comes across as sincerely as I meant it.  
✅cat cuddles
✅bagel
✅coffee
✅laundry
✅target
✅get meds
✅run
✅shower
✅shave legs
✅haircut
✅pack
✅do nails
✅inject estrogen
Brooklyn
collapse
Um, can we talk about how much bigger these new needles are than my old ones?! I don't wanna stick this in me! 😳😳😳  
Um, can we talk about how much bigger these new needles are than my old ones?! I don't wanna stick this in me! 😳😳😳  
All salons should provide mimosas
That moment when Blurred Lines gets stuck in your head and you know nothing will ever be okay again
*been wanting to get haircut for 2 months*

*finally makes appt*

*looks at hair on way out the door to appt*

"Actually maybe I like this"
✅cat cuddles
✅bagel
✅coffee
✅laundry
✅target
✅get meds
run
shower
shave legs
haircut
pack
do nails
stab self w/needle
go➡️Brooklyn
collapse
Sometimes shit gets fucked and you have to take a step back and say “hey, I need to do something about this.”
All I can really say about it is that I couldn’t be happier to be here
I wish for everyone to be able to work in the kind of place where amazing discussions like the one I was just a part of happen
Holy shit, this is the coolest idea for a blog ever    
Looks like I've picked up 100+ new folks following me this week. Welcome! I hope the variety of topics I tweet about is engaging for you! ❤️
Feels like there’s some sort of mention of trans people at our weekly all time meetings every week anymore
I review pull requests at work with selfies. Here’s a blog I’m starting with all of them  
I’m wearing a Master and Margarita shirt today  
Just what I needed, yet another Tumblr shirt
If you’re the kind of person who wants to receive Slack messages like this, check out    
I had a donut for #NationalDonutDay, but my fingers couldn’t snap a picture for proof before my mouth ate it
I just happened to notice a lot of google searches and traffic related to that post this week so I figured I’d share it again
Seems a lot of ppl are wondering about this this week so here’s a trans 101 I did about referring to trans ppl’s past  
The decision to DNS a marathon #runchat    
So I had a weird dream about a coworker last night and now I can’t look at them without feeling super awkward
Hey  , I sent you an email about the gender selector for    
Would love to know:
1) How I got on Victoria’s Secret’s mailing list
2) How they have my birth name attached to my current address
I think I can say w/a fair amount of confidence that company-wide emails at   have the highest fuck-to-non-fuck word ratio in America
This is why I do not support   in any capacity —&gt;  
Well, so much for me feeling safe in Manhattan  
Photo: Lunch at Tumblr HQ today.    
I literally don’t even know how to process this   
Really don’t get obsession w/our makeup. It’s 3min of my day &amp;consists of little more than blasting a firehose worth of concealer at my face
Rest easy,folks, the promo for Caitlyn Jenner's new series features the obligatory trans woman doing her makeup shot!  
On #NationalRunningDay, I'd like to share a piece I wrote last year about why I'm deeply in love with the marathon  
Now is probably a great time to remind everyone that I run an amazing Facebook group for transgender runners! Get at me if you want to join!
Trans people are hilarious,just ask my coworkers. I make jokes about being trans all the time without taking anyone down &amp;I’m a fucking riot
Honestly, I’m getting a good laugh out of all the comments about me here    
Hey Tumblr, welcome to your better blocking system. So much better that we changed its name from “Igno…  
I can’t figure out a clean way to write this code so now I’m just staring at my screen refusing to write the obvious but sloppy solution
I did an interview for   /   about being a trans runner!    
I may or may not be DNSing my marathon in 2.5 weeks, but at least I just signed up for a beer mile next month!
I'm basically a raging bitch, but I'm always polite and kind.  
My leg muscles feel like an entire boy scout troop used them to earn their knot tying badges. What the heck, man? #runchat
Oh, and now Dr Drew is telling Caitlyn Jenner how to trans…while inconsistently gendering her.
Do you think Caitlyn Jenner gets fucked by   as much as I do? Do you think she’s been told estrogen is out of stock and she’s SOL too?
The only wrong way to be trans is to tell other trans people how to be trans.  
Turn on the TV and   is spouting transphobic bullshit on CNN. FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT! GET ALL THE WAY FUCKED!
Literally exactly what I'm working on!  
Everything about this is wrong and disgusting and literally what it’s like every day for trans women   #CallMeCaitlyn
Trans woman: *anything about Caitlyn Jenner*
Cis people: No. You’re wrong and my opinions about trans people matter!
Fuck, shit’s getting mad real over here in the queerparty slack channel
I’ve already had to drop multiple comments to be people about how it doesn’t matter how she looks.

STOP FOCUSING ON HOW TRANS WOMEN LOOK!
Totally happy and excited for  , but this is going to be a looooong day for trans women everywhere. #CallMeCaitlyn
Totally happy and excited for  , but this is going to be a looooong day for trans women everywhere. #CallMeCaitlyn
Has anyone flown JetBlue’s Mint class yet? I’ll be taking it to SF on Sunday. Sounds kinda awesome.
Today’s the first time I’ve worn pants in a couple weeks. How do you people do this?
I'm queer no matter who I'm with. I won't define myself differently for your comfort | Ashley C Ford  
THIS! --&gt; Who’s Laughing? Trans Women as Humor Objects and Humor Agents  
Did y’all know we’re gendering NYC streets now?  
Do I want to trek all the way to Brooklyn for the trans ladies picnic and possibly get rained on?
I’m really bummed about how much training has fallen apart &amp;my legs have revolted against me.Leaning towards DNSing my race so I can regroup
I went out for my 21-miler and everything hurt immediately. I stopped right away, but what. the. fuck. is. wrong. with. me. lately.
For a straight white male who is Vice President, Joe Biden’s not had it easy.
And, maybe, I didn’t actually survive the first 30 years of my life. Maybe I only survived physically.
Sometimes, I feel like I’m just playing dress up and not actually a real woman or even person
Any recommendations for a decent backpack for traveling? Needs to hold a laptop and change of clothes and be feminine-ish.
Sigh. I really, really hate  .
Pretty awesome that this was  's "News from " for today. Also, happy birthday,  !!  
Watched Boy Meets Girl. It’s definitely got a few problems, but fuck did it cause me some really intense feels
Why yes, that is a ziplock bag of salad dressing in my purse. Do you have a problem?
Oh, I guess I don’t get vacation ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  
How we decorate at Tumblr HQ.

   
Gave a coworker a hard time for eating all the Twix from the candy desk. 20min later my manager drops this on my desk  
Twice today I’ve opted to just keep my mouth shut instead of dropping truth bombs all over the place.Someone take my temperature &amp; call a DR
Google #io15 keynote has women speaking on stage. Apple keynotes do not.
This Google I/O keynote intro is cool, but wayyyy too long
Last year 550k people ran a marathon in US. That's 150k FEWER than are transgender. Compare that to how many people you know who ran 26.2.
Ran 9.02 miles in 1 hour and 17 mins and felt good. Surprisingly great run this morning despite it being e   
Well, I’m crying now.   
Either you’re trying to help me steer the Earth into the Sun or you’re against me.
Good thing I work at Tumblr b/c y’all don’t even know how much porn was just on my screen thanks to   giving into my curiosity
Honestly, it’s really difficult to keep enough balance in the topics I tweet about to keep the variety of awesome followers I have engaged
Ran 10.02 miles in 1 hour and 28 mins and felt alright. Absolutely brutal humidity this morning! It took a   
It’s men’s job to fix sexism. White ppl -&gt; racism Straight ppl -&gt; homophobia. Cis ppl -&gt; transphobia.NOT the oppressed’s job #BlameOneNotAll
That’s the problem. Got yrs, fuck everyone else. RT  :   no it means I won't fell guilty for what others do 
#BlameOneNotAll gives those who think they’re innocent a pass to be complacent in systematic oppression.
Looking at me you’d think I went for a swim in the Hudson, but nope I just ran 10 miles in 386539186% humidity
A6: I honestly don’t think running could change me more than it has already. I legit think it’s changed me more than transition has #bibchat
A5: You mean how has running destroyed my social life? I prioritize time for running over many social things. #bibchat
A4: Other sports don’t have the same solitude and opportunity to connect with self. #bibchat
A3: I see it two contradicting ways: 1) food is fuel, but 2) GIMME ALL THE FOOD TO EAT!!! #bibchat
A2: Running has given time to clear my head and work through massive depression and personal issues. It gave me way through it all #bibchat
Hey, are there any trans women out there who might want to share their experience with health care on video for a thing I’m working on?
A1: I’m all around feel healthier and stronger. #bibchat
Hey #bibchat! Been a while since I could make it! I’m Amelia from NJ! Here’s a photo of my mom &amp; me from the wknd  
It’s official, every dress in Urban Outfitters makes me look pregnant
Discussion in work chat about how I’m basically just April Ludgate. I’ve never felt more understood in my life.
When you start a joke w/the expectation that by time you get to the end of the sentence you’ll have the punchline,but then nothing comes out
In the last 2-3 weeks my marathon training has completely fallen apart to the point where I’m actually considering a DNS :(
A+ start to today!
At least my run was awful,Leela shit on the kitchen mat, I cut myself in 5 spots shaving my legs,allergies are killing me &amp; I’m running late
Give me suggestions on a new show to binge on or I’m watching Firefly again today
Did my breakfast nachos *need* two jalapeños? Probably not, but I had to be sure.  
“sorry your best friend was a lie.” - me to my second oldest friend just now
Hanging with Momma Gapin  
Hair is pretty on fleek today  
While shopping:

mom: This dress is cute! You should get this!
me: Do you see how short that is? My balls would be hanging out the bottom!
I used to think one day I’d have nice things…then I got cats
I used to think one day I’d have nice things…then I got cats
I just had to break up a fight between one of the cats and…his own tail.
The responsibility we have as software engineers | Benlog  
You are fighting between a rock and why bother
I'm at Target in Jersey City, NJ  
“There’s plenty an old white woman can do” - my mom
And the lyrics hit something I’ve wanted to write about recently that will probably lose me some friends/followers. I need to get on that.
This song is so fucking good --&gt; Worriers Announce New Album 'Imaginary Life,' Share 'They/Them/Theirs' Single  
I need a chaperone whenever we have Dos Toros for lunch to ensure I don’t eat enough to feed a small army
Work chat. 

(   
I'm at Starbucks in New York, NY  
This! --&gt; 3 Sure Signs that You are NOT a Real Runner   via  
It’s 2015 and I just got rickrolled.
I licked  ‘s cactus  
But I did something to my left calf on Saturday’s long run and it’s been sidelining me most of the week so this may not last long :(
About to go for a run in Manhattan for, I think, the first time ever. Weird.
If you’re not willing to commit to and love a dog for 15 years or a cat for 20, don’t get that puppy or that kitten. Just don’t.
Reminder: Don’t get a pet you’re not willing to commit to. Dogs, cats, and other pets aren’t toys or things you take into your home a whim
I love our Tumblr femgineer lunches!  
Femgineer lunch! (  Legend Bar &amp; Restaurant -   in New York, NY)  
My white Apple Watch band finally came and I looks great on the space gray sport model  
Hey, this is a really cool t-shirt my friend   designed. You should buy it!   #runchat
At least this time the   rep didn’t refuse to stop calling me sir after I corrected her…unlike last time
And of course the representative I spoke to from   called me ‘sir’ immediately.  
Does anyone else have constant fraud issues with their     visa? This is the fourth time.  
*writes a bunch of code*

“Well, there’s no way this is gonna work.”

*code blows up spectacularly*

“Yup.”
I’m having an A+ hair day today. Would hair again.
Part of me wants to tell ppl to Google their trans ?s instead of forcing me to educate, but asking me guarantees they get the correct answer
I spent 15 minutes troubleshooting why it was paired but not working only to find out it wasn’t mine and mine was on the desk behind me
I will hunt down the jizz cracker who switched my wireless trackpad with someone else’s and make them pay dearly
And, yes, I’m aware that it worked on that island
Isn’t this the same contingency plan they relied on in Jurassic Park…three movies ago?   
Tumblr lake times at Mohonk  
My last 27 hours: canoeing, lake swimming, hot tubbing, pool swimming, heavy drinking, trail running, hiking, kayaking. Perfect.
Phone autocorrected genius to genitals. It knows me so well.
(this was okayed by me before he did it)
Last night a debate we were trying to settle resulted in a coworker asking everyone “1)Did you know Amelia’s trans? 2)How did you find out?”
Just the tip  
I'm on a kayak!  
It was a struggle to get up early to run this morning after drinking until 2am, but that trail run was so worth it
Between two showers, a lake, a pool, and a hot tub, I’ve spent most of today being wet.
So yummy  
It's 5 o'clock somewhere, right?  
We brought work with us on this trip. In other words, we’re drinking already. #mondays #worklife
Wooooooo! (  Mohonk Mountain House in New Paltz, NY)  
Oh! I think this is the first thread dedicated to me on 4chan. I feel so loved ¯\_(ツ)_/¯   
It only occurs to me after a few replies that no one outside of NJ/PA get why DaWA is interesting
The fuck is DaWA?  
A year ago today, we brought this little bundle of destruction home  
Please tell me I’m not the only one who saw the credits come on and said “that was bullshit” out loud. #MadMenFinale
A5: One of my absolute favorite things in the world. RT  : Q5: Running in the rain is ________. #RunChat
And parasoling #latergram  
Forgot to share my dress from yesterday #latergram  
Excellent MTH meeting with   and   today! Can’t wait to share this project with people!
Love that we were specifically told not to wear heels for this wedding. My post-long-run legs and feet are thankful!
Ran 19.15 miles in 2 hours and 42 mins and felt good. Decent long run today! I was beat by the end, but I    
My 19-miler this morning included a negative split, a downpour, and dodging a 5k and an obstacle race along my route
And all of a sudden I don’t want to be around anyone ever again. Happy weekend!
How does America show we’re better than someone who takes the lives of others? By taking their life, of course
Always take time to be silly, even at work. #PostItForward  
Last night a random at the bar referred to me as a “special lady” in reference to me being trans. That was about when our conversation ended
Coworker is telling me how scary, intense, intimidating, and “strong willed” I am. Not sure how to take this.
Fuck “Southwest Refused Woman's Plea to Call Her Husband Before His Suicide”  
Oh, crap. Just realized how much I’m going to have to drink tonight. This place is going to kill me.
Everyone should buy this shirt!  
Instead of saying “anti-feminist,” why don’t you not sugarcoat it and just say “i hate women?”
I decided to opt for the rest day and I already feel super guilty and awful about not running :(
I guess the obvious answer is that I should listen to my body and take the rest day. I’m mostly just tired though. :/
Decision for tomorrow: Give my legs an unplanned rest day that they’ve been asking for even though I have a step back week next week?
Hey guy riding his motorcycle down the sidewalk, WTF?!
ICYMI: We’re doing this #PostItForward thing on Tumblr today and I made a video for it! Check it out!  
Just broke one of the top ten office etiquette rules. I made microwave popcorn.
Reminder: Being gay doesn’t give you a Get Out Of Being A Misogynist Free card
So we’re doing this #PostItForward thing here on Tumblr today and I made a video for it! Check it out!  
Never mind, I watched this and now I’m all better. Thanks  !  
I think it’s going to be one of those days where the only way to not annoy me is to not talk to me and stay at least 10ft away.
Woman running in the dark in all black with headphones on in Jersey City.

Basically breaking all the safety rules here
Playing the game Sick or Allergies
Mario Kart at the HQ  
I’ll have 1 marathon, please! RT  : Food for thought 😀 #MarathonPace #Tacos #Beer    
I’ll have 1 marathon, please! RT  : Food for thought 😀 #MarathonPace #Tacos #Beer    
Two days in a row where I can look in the mirror and not want to stab my face off? What kind of dream world did I enter this week?
Said to myself "perfect hair is all I really need to have a great day" and now I've got Ultimate Fakebook stuck in my head
That moment when you go to stand up and your legs are all like "nope, we're not going to be doing that. We're good right here."
.  is trying to sell me on RVA and all I could ask was “what’s your bagel situation”
Wow, uh, shit just got real in the Tumblr heyladies Slack channel
Wild news day already. Verizon buying AOL. Mary Wittenberg stepping down from NYRR.
Ran 9.05 miles in 1 hour and 18 mins and felt blah. Just absolutely brutal run this morning. 100% humidity   
Literally no one within 10 feet of me on the PATH platform and some guy marches right up and stands practically leaning on me
My hair is literally perfect right now, but that’s only b/c no one’s here to see it. The humidity will destroy it as soon as I open the door
But boy was that a shit run
It's only 7:42am  
You kissed a girl! That is so gay!
Nuke the whales episode of The Simpsons is on
Guy is standing on the PATH platform with a whole pizza. I just left spin class. 

Come on, man, can I have a slice or eight?
You can never gif yourself too much  
I really like this dress, y'all  
Conversations with    
Days I think I look like shit:
“You look so cute today! I love that top!” - everyone

Days I think I look cute as all hell:
*silence*

:/
Possibly my favorite pull request approval selfie to date  
My training last week: 7 workouts for 50.12 mi and 5274 calories burned  
Running down seven flights of stairs in sandals. Why do I do this?
If you make fun of   for being fat, you’re also taking down all fat people with him. Stick to the shitty things he does.
Folks,   is enough of a shitbag on his own, there’s no need to resort to fat jokes.
So I went in H&amp;M to look for sunglasses earlier. I left with three dresses, two t-shirts, and a tank top. No sunglasses.
Wait…did I just see a promo for #DoctorWho on Disney XD? 

Also, yes, I’m watching Disney XD right now
A3: I almost only run in   Distance Shorts. Three pockets! And they hide my…well, you know…well. #runchat
A2: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ #runchat
A1: I go for tank tops as soon as the temp breaks 50º and tees above 38º. I hate sleeves! And brand tends to be  ! #runchat
Happy Mother’s Day #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ. I blog at   Last race was the Asbury Park Half. Didn’t go so well.
animal-factbook: Excluding Tumblr’s CEO and founder david, every single one of Tumblr’s staff member a…  
My mom was very excited to tell me that her priest welcomed two trans people to their parish last night (they also helped w/the mass)
I wish more than anything that I knew what this felt like.  
I'm wearing shorts and a thin tank top and this is basically oppressively hot to me. BRB moving to Siberia for summer  
Ellis Island as seen on my run this morning  
Those 34oz of French press coffee didn’t stand a chance against me
Real time: May 10, 2015 11:28am
Twitter time: May 9, 2015 10:53pm

I feel so out of the loop when I’m this far behind
Just hit me that a Sunday long run last week and a Saturday one this week puts me at 64 miles for the last 7 days. Not bad! #runchat
For the group of four guys who felt it necessary to dissect my body as I ran by them, fuck you
Also, cats are assholes.
On one hand, I have literally the most painful thigh chafing I’ve ever had. On the other hand, I did finish my other eight miles for the day
bill: htmlbyjoe: Programming is so weird because sometimes I’ll go into a project having no idea how I’m   
So yummy!  
Had to bail on my 19 mile run at 11 miles :(
“I feel very bad for Bruce Jenner, but he is so rich. What about the poor people and ones whose families disowned them?” - my mom
“Are there any trans rallies or…like…support things ever? I want to go them.” - my mom
Basically, this —&gt; RT  : Op-ed: You Can't Handle the Truth About Trans People |    
“hey, can you just not” - me to my brain just now
When you make changes to your hosts file and forget about them the next day
I’m sitting in purple-tinted light and now my coworkers are saying I should dye my hair purple. #nothappening  
“I LOVE hearing conception stories!”
I have posts queued up 2x day for two months on  
I started a blog of all the google searches people have done to find my blog  
Doctor was SUPER knowledgeable about trans stuff, can do my hormones if I want to switch docs, and asked consent every time she touched me.
That was literally the best medical experience I’ve ever had in my life.
I have a physical w/a new DR today which means either the “I don’t have a vagina” convo or simply dropping my pants and saying “SURPRISE!”
Anyone want to talk feelings about Sunday’s #MadMenAMC?
If other ppl can’t find a spot to hold on because you’re able bodied &amp; think you need two hands on the subway pole, you’re a piece of trash
sports bras amirite?
That awkward moment when you find out your friend unfollowed you on Twitter
me: I’m not very intimidating
coworker: until people get to know you
Baked by Melissa cupcakes at the HQ today  
Wish I could express how lucky I feel to have a job where I can walk in every day like "I'm transgender!" &amp; everyone's like "great so what?"
Wish I could express how lucky I feel to have a job where I can walk in every day like "I'm transgender!" &amp; everyone's like "great so what?"
Gif booth with  ,  , and    
I caught   in the act  
Photo: Custom tap handle at Tumblr HQ!  
Photo: Alien friendly bathrooms on the ground floor at Tumblr HQ  
Tumblr HQ first floor opening party!!!!!!!
#HowToSpotAFeminist -&gt; #NotAllMen in her twitter mentions
#HowToSpotAFeminist Look for the trail of male tears
Photoset: My kind of meeting!  
HALP! I’m doing something very bad. Someone stop me!  
I haven’t written a single line of code in it yet, but I think I’m in love with Swift
This is what my entire week looks like. I'm already exhausted and it's only Monday.  
One more time for the night crowd…I kept a diary of what it’s like living w/an Apple Watch for a week.  
At the Apple Store and a guy is at the Genius Bar with an iPhone 6 that looks like a taco…a very not delicious taco
I'm finding that I'm already embracing dresses this year in a way I totally didn't feel comfortable doing last year
ICYMI: I kept a diary of what it’s like living w/an Apple Watch for a week. I wrote a ton about running w/it   #runchat
My training last week: 7 workouts for 46.31 mi and 4806 calories burned  
Apparently ppl still want to give me shit b/c I dared to suggest we should focus on trans women of color instead of Bruce Jenner ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Remember when I said my Apple Watch post would be like 3,000 words? Ended up being 5,705. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
A week with the Apple Watch   #runchat
Been up since 4am so I’m about to fall asleep, but what’s the #runchat topic tonight?
So   knows this is only funny if you think trans women are punchlines, right?   
Putting together a monster post abt the Apple Watch for tomorrow. I’m predicting 3,000+ words. Doubt anyone will go the distance reading it.
Really crushing it in the Heffernan-Gapin house this weekend:
- emotional breakdowns: 1
- phones dropped in toilets: 1
- race DNSes: 2
“Their crap is gonna show up in your shit.”

I have a way with words
I honestly don’t even know what’s going on right now
If you’re a woman who doesn’t want equality for women, seriously just don’t ever open your mouth again. You’re ruining it for the rest of us
“I don’t believe in equal rights for men &amp; women. I don’t want to be equal to men.” -woman on TV just now

Stop the planet, I’m getting off.
Has Anna Kendrick come out as queer and fallen in love with me yet? 

No? Then I’m going back to bed. You know when to wake me up.
I mean, he's not wrong about anything here --&gt; A message to runners everywhere: shutttttt uppppppp  
Entire 10th floor of Tumblr HQ hates me right now. No one appreciated me taking over the music and playing “Everything is Awesome” on repeat
#talkpay makes me feel super uncomfortable, but it shouldn’t be like that which is why it’s so important
This is my 2nd software engineering job, been here 8 months. I make $115k w/up to 10% bonus. Feels so weird to share this publicly. #talkpay
I ran 184 miles in April. That’s the most I’ve done in a month since March 2014. Pretty psyched and May should break 200. #runchat
First software engineering job (was pre-transition and self-taught), started at $55k in 2008. Left in 2014 at $78k. #talkpay
  is being much nicer to me today.  
I may love the cold and have ice water flowing through my veins, but fuck is it freezing in this office today. Someone left the window open
There are two times I keep, regular time of day and the time I'm caught up to in my Twitter timeline
Just to prepare everyone, if Flavor Flav isn't at runner happy hour tonight, I'm not going
Turns out, I'm actually a 46 year old mean. Who knew?  
Photo: I guess this happens sometimes  
Most days, I feel like I'm just barely putting enough lipstick on a pig to feel comfortable leaving the house
If anyone wants to read about the REALLY stupid thing I did this morning that could have gotten me killed —&gt;  
Ran 7.01 miles in 57 mins and felt good. More tired as heck legs, but not nearly as bad as yesterday.

But let me   
I’mma post something super in-depth Monday, but so far I’m loving my Apple Watch WAY more than expected. Tho it’s a TERRIBLE running watch
How did things escalate to this so quickly?  
Walking around the house wearing *just* a sports bra. I call this look “post-run chic”
#Build2015 just seems like a lot of Microsoft saying “we know you don’t want to develop for Windows so we’ll do it for you”
This tweet by   gives me so much hope and makes me feel like maybe I was overly pessimistic  
This tweet by   gives me so much hope and makes me feel like maybe I was overly pessimistic  
PHP makes me feel like I need a screaming room
Fucking php. Who the hell thought this was a good idea?!
Boom!  
Rocking compression socks and a dress today. I look hot.  
This morning, my Watch measured 8.88mi and Garmin was 9.01. So off in the other direction today. DailyMile mapping tool said 9.25. #runchat
Ran 9.01 miles in 1 hour and 16 mins and felt blah. Now that's what tired legs feel like. Oof!  
I don’t even know how to process this  
Double wristing watches on my run tonight. Bit of a discrepancy here though. #runchat #bibchat  
Really glad to hear this! —&gt; RT  : BREAKING: Florida's Anti-#Trans Bathroom Bill Dies:  
Color me very happily shocked --&gt; How To Tell A Bruce Jenner Joke: Late Night’s Subtle Transition   via  
Heated discussion about portrait video right now.
Telling that the people who say #AllLivesMatter are the same ones who are more upset by destroyed property than murdered black people
7.25hrs including 45min of active heart rate monitoring during a spin class used 30% of my Apple Watch’s battery. That’s impressive.
Is there a direct link to #WDWMarathon registration? #rundisney
Grandma's Marathon training update: week 8 #runchat  
Well, looks like I’m running   this year!  
Just got latest labs back. Testosterone is up to a whopping 7. Was 4 a year ago. I wonder if this is why I’ve been running better recently?
Apple watch says 251 calories, Flywheel app says 915 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
305 total power at   this morning. NBD.
Whoa! The renovations to   Flatiron are wonderful!
Guess I'm a cool kid now or just a sucker with a computer on her wrist.  
My best week in over a year! --&gt; My training last week: 6 workouts for 46.14 mi and 4622 calories burned  
It appears there are at least 4 reddit threads dedicated to talking shit abt me right now,including one calling me TERF.So how’s yr Monday?
Protip: Actually read the piece you are commenting on before commenting
I hope creating that thread about me on Reddit made you feel better  
#runchat brag: April has been my best running month in a year. Solid miles, tons of motivation!
A5: Beer, preferably an IPA. #runchat
A4: For a marathon, I take water at almost every stop. Anything shorter is dependent on temperature and how I feel #runchat
Show on the cooking channel: This tastes like the sun
Me: LET ME EAT IT NOW!
A2: I’ve never carried water with me on a run. Even for 10+ miles in 100º heat with 95% humidity. Oops. #runchat
A1: I’m ALL about   after a run. Other than that, I really only drink water. #runchat
Time for a NEEDED #runchat escape! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at   Last run was today’s 18mi 6s/mi under 26.2 PR pace
“That’s what you get for jokingly referring to yourself as ‘a trans’ all the time! Now you’re typing it w/o even knowing!” -  
Yes, I missed a word back there and said “a trans” instead of “a trans person” ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Cis gay ppl to straight ppl: Don’t tell us how to feel about gay issues

Cis gay ppl to trans ppl: Here’s how you should feel about Jenner
I wonder how much sweat Chopped judges consume
Am I the only one who looks at babies and thinks “looks like a slitheen”
So much chafing. So afraid to shower.
Ran 18 miles in 2 hours and 31 mins and felt good. A little mix of Liberty State Park, the Jersey City waterfront   
If you could be immortal, would you choose to be? — Yes. Humanity is pretty disgustingly awful, but we're also p   
What's your currently favorite show on TV? — Orphan Black  
LRT: Two trans women of color having a conversation at #WHCD about trans issues. So amazing.     #BruceJenner
LRT: Two trans women of color having a conversation at #WHCD about trans issues. So amazing.     #BruceJenner
Absolutely incredible the things people have tried to accuse me of saying/thinking over the last two days
This is why I LOVE  ! --&gt; A Crash Course in Transgender Sensitivity  
Crap, that’s it? Oof. RT  : Eight .yup, 8 weeks until race day! #Gmas15 #56days
You stay classy,    
A follow up about the Bruce Jenner interview  
The gendering was very tough to deal with, but I do get why Bruce asked for he/him for the interview. #BruceJennerABC
Still catching up on #BruceJennerABC, but I’m absolutely wiling and thrilled to say I greatly underestimated Bruce
Always amazes me how some trans ppl will attack those fighting for true equality to protect the tiniest scraps of acceptance for themselves
me: *writes a thing*
1,000 commenters: *totally miss the point*
I regret sharing things I write on reddit 100% of the time. Why do I still do it?
SMH at cis people who think they are in any position to disagree with me on trans stuff
About this Bruce Jenner interview   #girlslikeus #trans #brucejenner
Photoset: It’s begun. pearapps’s Apple Watch is here  
For those expecting an Watch to be delivered today,I hope for nothing less than all Fedex trucks spontaneously combusting w/yr watch inside
Given the amount of blood that was just removed from my person, I’m not feeling super bullish on tomorrow’s 18 mile long run
Lost count of how many times   has told me to shut up tonight
“We’re talking birds.” -  
Who eats the pants in your relationship? — Um neither of us are denimivores  
And here's video evidence of the hot sauce shot  
everyone: OMG that sauce from Dos Toros is so insanely hot! I’m not going anywhere near it!
me: *does a shot of it*
Hey, at least the machines gender me properly.    
How Bad Is Distance Running’s Doping Problem?  
So I’m having the kind of day where this is a reasonable response to a conversation at work.    
Ran 7.01 miles in 54 mins and felt great. Last week, I couldn't buy a sub-8 mile. Today I was throwing sub-7:30s    
Just ate a bagel, but like…can I have five more?
I set new 5k and 10k PRs in a training run again. Oops.
Coworker: *talking about getting random boners*
Me: I have pills that’ll stop that for you. Though, there is a side effect of boobs.
There’s a ton to unpack abt it, but nothing is going to come from this interview except for a ton of badness for trans ppl. I’m super scared
Hey, uh, if you care about me in even the slightest, can you do me a favor and *not* watch the Bruce Jenner interview? It’d mean a lot.
I caught myself in the mirror from a totally bad angle, now I hate myself and want to disappear forever.

And today was going so well too.
Lunch at Tumblr HQ  
WHY IS IT NOT LUNCH YET?! Ahhhh!

Worst #runger ever right now!
Sitting here minding my own business and   plops his brand new MacBook down on my desk and now I must own one.
Thing I like a lot about  ’s new job is that we get to walk to the path together in the morning
Ran 9.1 miles in 1 hour and 13 mins and 33 secs and felt great. Longest ever pre-work run and I WRECKED it this m   
Couple making out next to me on the  . Women then steps on my foot getting off.

It’s always something on here.
I like to live dangerously  
Interesting conversation about class privilege with   over breakfast today. It’s something I have a lot of guilt around
Slack is super fun and awesome, but damn does it kill my productivity sometimes.
How Slack is changing workplace culture:   via   via  
I got real emotional reading this  
Twitter needs multiple fav types:

the "fuck yeah" fav
the "girl, I feel ya" fav
the sympathy fav
the supportive fav
the non-endorsement fav
And now for the worst-timed race recap ever… Asbury Park Half Marathon - 1:48:11   #runchat #bibchat
My training last week: 6 workouts for 38.14 mi and 3934 calories burned  
.   might be the greatest human alive
I guess I can actually start doing work for the day now. #BostonMarathon
That finish, y’all #BostonMarathon
Great race,  !! ❤️ #BostonMarathon
Every year I watch #BostonMarathon and I’m just like “GAAAHHH! I NEED to get there!!” 

I’m GOING to make it happen.
Wow,   was like “NOPE!” #bostonmarathon
Yes, I’m in a meeting.
Yes, I’m still watching #BostonMarathon.
Four monitors means one is dedicated to #BostonMarathon streaming and tracking today
I see Shalane is starting the race with a completely different strategy from last year. #BostonMarathon
If you don't care about running or the #BostonMarathon, today is a good day to mute me (or just that tag, really)
Good luck to   on the first day at her new job!
Finally found some time to work on a programming side project today &amp; now I want to stay up all night working on it instead of going to bed
Fuck, the Eagles signed Tebow? Like, for real? Fuck.

In other news, local girl looking for new football team to root for.
I missed last week’s #runchat, but I’m here this week! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at  
Good luck to everyone running #BostonMarathon tomorrow! I’ll be (probably audibly) cheering for you from my desk at work!
Good luck to everyone running #BostonMarathon tomorrow! I’ll be (probably audibly) cheering for you from my desk at work!
Speaking of racing, I just realized my first half marathon was five years ago today
And 30% of my half marathons were run the day before a marathon. Is that weird?
Is anyone else’s half marathons to marathons run ratio really close? Mine is 10 to 7. I guess I should race more? #runchat
Daredevil is streaming in 4k? This looks great.
It was a hot one  
Too hot for a half marathon. Ugh.
I may be running a half marathon in the morning, but right now I'm literally under a pile of cats
OH SHIT, GUYS! Apple picked me!  
OMG WHY ARE THERE SO MANY DICKS ON MY TUMBLR DASHBOARD TODAY. EVERY TIME I GO TO TEST SOMETHING THERE’S ANOTHER DICK
Leelah Alcorn mentioned in our weekly all team meeting today
Legitimately not sure if I sweat more from the food I eat or from running
My insides are still all broken and messed up from dinner Wednesday night and this is what’s for lunch today? Fuuuuu  
Ugh, I REALLY wish I was going to be in Boston to cheer on Monday. It was the best damn time last year. #BostonMarathon
Ran 5.01 miles in 43 mins and felt great. Super easy effort run to make up for not running yesterday and stretch    
How do you even enforce this?  
"we're talking about porn."
"so work?"
"yup."
This new Star Wars trailer
*goes to sleep last night without cracked phone screen*

*wakes up this morning with cracked phone screen*

WTF?
The internet, but without users. 

Just think how amazing it would be.
Yeah, like I wasn't going to order this. I mean, come on now   Brick Lane Curry House  
Thanks for the hat,  !! :)
Always nice when a body is found floating in the water at the park you run in every single day  
Birthday outfit  
My legs may not have wanted to cooperate this morning, but my hair is ON POINT today
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 7 mins and 16 secs and felt alright. Ugh. NOT the run I was hoping for this morning .  
Video: Fry, Hattie, and Leela gave me the most obnoxious birthday card ever  
Get on this, yo!    
I don't know, man, 32 seems pretty damn gay to me
THIS is true love! #agirlandherkitty  
I almost forgot to show y'all the latest sticker addition to my laptop. cc:    
At least her friend was smart enough to whisper his homophobia instead of yelling it like he did his misogyny
Come on, lady, you don't sit on the floor of a  . You just don't.
I felt like it's finally time to bust out some springtime pants  
Welp  
My training last week: 6 workouts for 42.26 mi and 4328 calories burned  
What am I? A caveman?  
Also, it's weird having   driving on the way back. I typically do all the driving.
T-Mobile: great in NYC, not so much in rural Virginia

So much for getting work done from the car
Chesapeake sunrise!  
I wasn't on the internet today so I'm assuming nothing happened and the rest of the world stood still
Okay, last #lolzwedding photo! cc:      
How did I marry someone who used to have "Don't Stop Believin'" as her ringtone?
Watching   do the Cupid Shuffle is my new favorite thing #lolzwedding
It got windy out there! #lolzwedding  
"I work at Tumblr"
"Oh cool! Do you do like support stuff"
"Not really. I'm an engineer. I wrote code."
"Oh wow."
#lolzwedding  
I've never seen   look so grown up before! #lolzwedding  
Amazon, you may think trying to deliver shit on Sunday is helpful, but when I ship it to work and not home, that doesn't work out for anyone
Minutes before the #lolzwedding!  
Hello, Virginia Beach!
7am on Sunday and I'm already done my run.
Things I should have done before my nails:
- flossed
- put on compression socks
I guess runner tanline season has begun #runchat  
I guess runner tanline season has begun #runchat  
Trying to think of sitcoms in the last 10yrs or so that haven’t made a joke at the expense of trans ppl. All I’ve got is Brooklyn Nine-Nine
So   is transphobic? This is my surprised face.  
Who do I have to pay to get Kate Upton’s boobs off my TV?
All smiles out there today!  
Ran 15.02 miles in 2 hours and 4 mins and 17 secs and felt great. Wrecked it! Even with heavy winds, those 15 mil   
Run therapy ef-tee-dubs!

Feel so much better after that
Ooohh, now a bunch of internalized transphobia to make me feel like I'm a complete freak. What the hell, Saturday? Can I catch like 1 break?
Don't mind me, I'm just over here having a major breakdown about how much weight I've gained since last summer
The wind outside is not helping me get up off my ass for these 15 miles
So here’s a thing, Michael Slager not only went to my high school, but was in my class. I can’t remember anything about him. #WalterScott
Wouldn't be a day without having to chase Hattie around the house to get our meal back
The thing w/  is they’re trying to create a business around exactly the kind of thing Apple doesn’t like and can easily prevent
I stayed at my last job well beyond when I should have. I stopped being challenged and grew to hate it. Never want to do that again.
If your job doesn’t force you to learn something new every day (or at least once a week), you should look for one that does
When you type a bunch of text real quick and it doesn’t show up in the window you thought you were typing in. #wherediditgo #4monitorprobs
There are nerf darts all over the damn place here
Literally nothing good is going to come from this.
It seems some people thought being transgender in this world isn’t hard enough already so they’re making this happen  
Roughly once every two weeks, I save all my open tabs to Pocket never to be seen again. Today is that day.
I’ve gotten in the habit of foam rolling every night and waking up with my legs feeling great. I didn’t last night and now my legs hate me.
For those wondering, I ordered the 42mm sport in space gray with a black band plus green and white sport bands
Wow, Apple Watch bought via Apple Store app and Apple Pay in roughly ten seconds. Fastest Apple pre-order ever
First night in a week I don't have to go to bed early so I can wake up at 5:45 and I'm asleep on the couch by 10
This chicken shawarma pita sandwich is everything. Literally the best thing I've ever eaten.
If you’re going to be repeatedly misogynistic in public, don’t get mad when I repeatedly call you out in public for being misogynistic
Look at that   t on the display iDevices at the Apple Store!  
Ran 6.2 miles in 50 mins and felt great. Another day, another wall of wind and another kick ass run!  
I think I'm standing next to a PATH first timer here. Coffee in one hand, phone in the other, &amp; not able to hold on. He's all over the place
Woke up to news of yet another trans teen suicide. Fuck. #HerNameWasTaylor #translivesmatter
Hanging in the back of the room w/   &amp;   during the Q&amp;A with Mad Men's costume designer at Tumblr HQ  
*posts that people shouldn't kill people*

*reminded why she never posts on Facebook*
Current conversation with    
Been testing something on an iPhone 6 Plus all day and now my puny iPhone 6 feels like phone for ants
I actually say this sometimes  
Glad #Tsarnaev was found guilty, but I’m really hoping we, as a society, can rise above the death penalty
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 7 mins and 21 secs and felt great. Goddammit with this wind! Ran out four miles most   
The Verge’s  Watch review has a super beautiful layout, but it’s also kind of annoying to actually, you know, read  
LOVE rain runs! RT  : Do you avoid running in the rain or do you go out to splash in the puddles?  
Photoset: Screenprinting night at Tumblr HQ!  
My typical workflow:
1. Open Tumblr to test something
2. Scroll through dashboard for 20min
3. Remember what I was supposed to be testing
Suggestions for queer movies to show during a LGBT happy hour type thing?
Happy birthday  ! I’m hoping it’s super magical!
It’s 9:30am and I’ve already eaten too much
It’s my little Hattie girl’s first birthday today!  
LRT: it is not my goal to have my transness hidden. I embrace it.
So. Many. Other. Runners. Out. Tonight.
TFW an internet rando tweets at you to ask if you’re mentally ill because trans
My training last week: 5 workouts for 38.38 mi and 3946 calories burned  
Trying to plan a non-local marathon weekend without using any vacation days is tough…especially with how expensive flights to Duluth are
Is anyone else going to the   show at City Winery?
Good way to start off Monday morning: spin

Bad way to start off Monday: looking in the mirror and seeing dude dude dude
#runchat time!! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at   Favorite time to run is AM just as the sun is starting to come up.
Why the fuck are all these people here?! Shouldn't you all be celebrating Jesus and looking for eggs or something?
Ending my run at bagels FTW (  Wonder Bagels in Jersey City, NJ)  
Pre-transition photos actually don’t bother me much,we still have some up around the house even.These were like EARLY transition photos. Eep
Also, I just got smacked in the face  without warning by some pre-transition photos on a memory card in an old camera I just dug out
Is Interstellar supposed to punch you in the heart a whole bunch of times or am I just being really hormonal right now?
Awww, how cute, the Thai place thought my order was for two people
Ran 15.01 miles in 2 hours and 8 mins and 43 secs and felt blah. Fucking wind, man. Today's run was little more t   
Well, that run sucked a 10lb sack of rusty dicks
Well, that run sucked a 10lb sack of rusty dicks
This wind is not making 15 miles look very enticing :(
When you’re hanging at work after hours on Friday drinking and then get paged and *have* to stay even later
I’m a wallpaper, y'all!  
Been dealing with a ton of this lately  
Day 2 without Coppy  
Um, how do I already have a Garmin tan?
This just made me feel like it's been too long since I've been to WDW —&gt; “A Tale Of Two Wearables” by    
Being transgender in a transphobic society leads to moments of sheer desperation | Meredith Talusan  
dysphoria. like what even is that?
YESSSSS!!!!! RT  : A Coppy t-shirt: The most value-added ROI for your wardrobe.  
Things   looks for in engineers: “FuckYeah, quirky, smart as shit”
Day 1 without Coppy: My Tumblr dashboard is a soulless void of sadness
Ran 6.2 miles in 49 mins and felt good. Surprisingly solid run today with the second half at half marathon goal p   
I look cute as heck today. Deal with it.
My waffle is more nutella than waffle. 😳😳😳 #doingitright
Is there any group of people lazier than white cis male comedians? I can't think of any.
Hey,  , would you care to explain to me how a search for “hot hunks in skinny jog pants” got someone to my blog?
My work computer is gay  
Oh, I’m sorry I didn’t reply to your message in the time frame you would have liked. Fuck off.
BAAHAHAHAHAHAAH  
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 7 mins and 33 secs and felt alright. I just felt like I never quite woke up this mor   
Photo: matthewloeper: Productivity.  Zero.    
Apparently, I’m 2 years testosterone-free as of today. To celebrate, I wrote this thing that totally got away from me  
Hey!   has all your business and productivity needs covered now! Checkout ExecutiveSuite for FREE!  
That's it? That's a slow day these days.  
Guys, Coppy.  
Video: executivesuite2016: Ready to take your business to the next level? Upgrade to Tumblr ExecutiveSuite   
One last thing about #TransDayOfVisibility before bed,   said perfectly what I wish I could have  
Hey #bibchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! Here’s a selfie I posted earlier for #TransDayOfVisibility!  
Anyone else at the   Lesbians Who Tech thing tonight? Come say hi to me!  
When you work for a company that drops “it’s #transdayofvisibility” in a company meeting. #tdov
There’s always pizza here! 

 
I had to go to TMZ for a second. There’s no coming back from this.
If people advocating for love and acceptance "goes against your Christian beliefs," than I'm fairly certain you're doing Christianity wrong
Ran 5.02 miles in 41 mins and felt alright. Kind of a rough run this morning. Legs were super tired and I just fe   
It turns out 11 active terminal sessions is the limit for which I can actually remember what the hell is going on in each one
TFW you get an email that says you’re now on-call and you’re like “wait, this is my week? What?”
Fuck. You’re better at transing than me! RT  :   I just ate a bagel. #transdayofvisibility
Like, come on, just look how damn visible I am! I mean, I’m practically shouting it. #transdayofvisibility
Here’s me being all like “hey, I’m trans &amp; I’m visible” for #transdayofvisibility…so, no different from any other day  
Don't make it harder to survive for people who have to live there. Support them. #RFRA #boycottIndiana
People realize boycotting Indiana is only taking more away from people negatively affected by #RFRA, right? #boycottIndiana
That feeling when allergies make your lungs itch and you want to rip them out of your chest
Because this doesn't create more of the stigma that causes people to NOT talk about mental illness  
Yeah, so was I like a bazillion fucking times. Probably as recently as last wk. Can we stop demonizing mental illness  
Come slack with me! 

   
Last week was my highest weekly mileage since the first week of July and it included two days of cross training! BOOM! 🙋👏🙌
My training last week: 5 workouts for 39.88 mi and 4107 calories burned  
Grandma's Marathon training: Weeks 1-4  
I usually laugh about the wacky things people google to get to my blog, but whoever searched “amelia transgender address,” FUCK YOU!!
Okay, couple making out on the PATH during rush hour commute, we get it, you're in love. Now stop.
I just got rickrolled by a Walmart/Virgin Mobile commercial
Ran 13.1 miles in 1 hour and 50 mins and felt alright. Wasn't great at the end, but I got it done despite the sur   
Took a nap so I guess now it's time to roll my sick ass out the door for 13 miles #runningwhilesick
When you wake up super sick with a surprise cold from hell on long run day
No, I didn’t just pull a pita chip Hattie stole out of her mouth and eat it. #okayidid #catladylife
No, I didn’t just pull a pita chip Hattie stole out of her mouth and eat it. #okayidid #catladylife
mom: Alright, I have to go get ready for church
me: Okay, go enjoy your god or whatever
Love hearing my mom go off about anti-trans bigots
I vote for weekly runner ice cream socials this summer. cc:        
Ran 6.75 miles in 1 hour and 12 sec and felt great. Basically a runner ice cream social today! Ran with some frie   
Protip: Don't drink a milkshake in the middle of your run #runchat
Does anyone have an A/V receiver they really like and want to recommend? Need 4K support and built-in airplay.
Did we need a 4k TV? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“You know what? Fuck you, you're seeing my boobs.”
Dos Toros for lunch today at Tumblr HQ!

 
"I met this blonde girl who was obsessed with money but she had big tits so it was fine."

Cool story, bro
Tonight is one of those confirmations that just my being an out and confident trans women in the world is making a difference
There’s always a damn party in this place.

 
My job is like literally the best thing ever and you should come work with me! We need lots of engineers!

 

DM me!
When you accidentally select the wrong checking account in PayPal and don’t realize until it’s too late.  
Can’t decide if I feel cute or gross today
Ran 7.01 miles in 55 mins and felt great. CRUSHED IT! This might have been the best run I've had in a year? Two y   
I guess that seals the deal, I've finally been converted to believing in the power of foam rolling
When you run a 5k PR in the middle of your 7-miler #runchat
Tomorrow Morning Amelia is going to hate me so hard on her seven-miler. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Promised myself I was going to take   easy tonight. Instead, I PRed Total Power and was 2nd on the Torq Board. Oops.
But really, Battleship wishes it had rainbow colors and lit the fuck up
You know what’s actually “Battleship for girls?” Battleship.
American #Idol just came on after what we were watching and some guy described Lite-Brite as “Battleship for girls.” Fuck you, assface.
Y’all would be horrified if you saw what I just did to this falafel and chicken shawarma
"Did you hear one of the guys from One Direction "
"I work at Tumblr."
So. Many. Meetings.
Anyone else getting a ton of spam followers lately?
Almost forgot, last night a guy on the street looks me up &amp; down and says to me "I see you, handsome man." I was too confused to be offended
If you want important internet cat alerts, follow  
When it’s just a bunch of strangers, you can sort of just be like “well, maybe no one is even noticing me or that I’m trans”
What if they’re actually not cool with you being there and they secretly talk on Slack about how uncomfortable you make them?
But like, you know them and they know you’re trans. And you’re pretty sure they are totally cool about it, but what if they’re not?
Honestly, I don’t know if being trans in the locker room is better or worse when it’s just a bunch of your coworkers
Food consumed so far today:
- apple
- 1.5 bagels (with cream cheese)
- 1 slice each: pineapple, honeydew, cantaloupe, watermelon
- Chipotle
Ran 5.01 miles in 42 mins and felt good. Easy effort run to start the day! 

And spin class later!  
A bagel and a half for breakfast today because #yolo. 

Also, it's a run+spin day. #runchat #runger  
Serves 6-8 or one   and one  
It’s one of those days where you just need an array of arrays of arrays and a `while (true)`
Shit Darwin says
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 7 mins and 22 secs and felt great. There is absolutely no better way to start a week   
I am VERY pro-selfie —&gt; No, Selfies Aren't Linked To Narcissism.    
On this day both one and three years ago, I tweeted about my crush on Callie Maggotbone. My feelings have not changed  
We really ought to just rename #runchat to #beerchat
A5: Only real reward for hitting any goal or milestone is setting a new one that’s even harder. Also, beer. #runchat
A5: Only real reward for hitting any goal or milestone is setting a new one that’s even harder. Also, beer. #runchat
A4: Means staying focused,working hard,&amp;doing what it takes w/o losing sight of bigger pic. Getting prize feels like day after xmas #runchat
A3: Easier to blog negative stuff. It’s my way of processing things. But it’s easier for me to tweet about positive things. Weird. #runchat
A2b: This may sound like whatever, but I can’t get bored while running when I have my thoughts to get lost in. #runchat
A2: I wouldn’t know, running hasn’t gotten boring for me yet. #runchat
A1: Last yr, I had just about everything short of actual injury go wrong in a marathon. Walked &amp; cried my way through the 2nd half #runchat
It’s #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! . Last thing I thought about on a run was “what am I going to eat when I’m done?!?”
What I should be doing: studying

What I am doing: refactoring a script that sends emails because I don’t like how it works
*sets up coffee maker, realizes she JUST walked in from Starbucks*
Uh, I think I’m drunk? WTF
This is  's celebration face  
Of course, I noticed that typo after a ton of faves. :/
I just paid off the last of my student loads. I’M FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
.   Why are you so incredibly bad at software? Serious question.
Damn, what did I say?  
Last yr I struggled w/motivation &amp; mental stuff. When that all swung the other way I wanted to go go go, but my legs weren’t ready for that
Sadly, I’m not doing a long run this wknd. I’m calling this week a loss &amp; putting the entirety of training ahead of the immediate short term
Is it worth trying to catch up on the last twelve hours of Twitter? I haven't really had time to read it at all today.
I accidentally watched an episode of The Big Bang Theory. I still don't understand why people like this show.
Guys,   HQ is literally the best! Also, I’m hugging a giant teddy bear in this video   cc:  
All 22 of these. --&gt; 22 Things People Who Are Chronically Early Will Totally Understand   via  
Not how I wanted my Friday afternoon to go. RT  : "Hang on, I broke Tumblr" -  
HEY! A REALLY COOL THING JUST HAPPENED THAT DOESN’T DIRECTLY INVOLVE ME! #vaguetweets
I prefer to sit in the dark so I don’t turn the lights on when I’m the 1st one here. Illuminated solely by 4 displays  
I took a rest day yesterday b/c my knee feels weird, today is a planned rest day. I haven’t run since Wed, but it feels like it’s been years
When you reach down for your hair straightener without looking and don't grab the handle end
Me, today.  
Feminism has totally gotten out of control  
If only supporting actual equality for trans people was as much the rage as throwing poorly thought-out trans characters and jokes on TV is
Tumblr femgineer lunch is always one of my favorite times of the month
At my old job I’d groan about having to be there an extra minute. Here I come in 1.5hrs early because there’s something I *want* to get done
Trans people should not have to provide ID for access to the proper restroom
LRT: So if I wanted to simply pee in, let's say, Disney World, I would have to show my ID which I was lucky enough to *be able to* update
An annoying side effect of transition I’ve noticed is that the number of stressors I can handle before being overwhelmed is much lower
Also, guys, this isn’t my first time.  
I think I ate too many sandwiches
I like HyperSwitch a lot, but there was a beta expiration issue for the last few days that prevented it from working
Is there a replacement app switcher for OS X that 1) isn’t a complete piece of crap and 2) is still supported?
Can we maybe stop with the “X Things All &lt;whatever type of person&gt; Do” articles?
There’s a serious cold brew situation going on here, guys. This isn’t good.
Looked up for a second at my muted TV I’d been ignoring to see   on #TheMindyProject. Can’t wait to watch that later!
Looked up for a second at my muted TV I’d been ignoring to see   on #TheMindyProject. Can’t wait to watch that later!
Hey #bibchat gang! I’m Amelia from NJ! This week’s photo is of me RIGHT NOW AS I PREPARE TO GET MY BIBCHAT ON!  
Look, I’m not going to say I like Xcode, but maybe it’s not the worst thing ever
Precise count of boozy cupcakes I’ve consumed today: way too damn many
Author of this article on   doesn’t even have the guts to put his name on this  
Hey,  , I think we pissed someone off (I’d avoid the comments). 
I was followed  
I've gotten myself in this strange state of mind where I feel weird taking rest days. It's like I feel like I'm slacking or something :/
Not thrilled I had to cancel my   class for tomorrow, but my legs asked me very nicely if I could give them the day off
Names of some of the teams at Tumblr  
I’m trying to come up non-raping-me reasons for him to keep with me as my pace dropped from 8:30 to 7:15 and I’ve really got nothing
He stayed right behind me the entire time, matching my pace.
When he started following me I was running 8:30/mi,after a minute of him staying right behind me I picked up the pace all the way to 7:15/mi
…for 1.5mi in the park in the dark keeping w/every change in pace I make, it’s not looking good for you not being a terrifying piece of shit
I’d REALLY like to give this guy the benefit of the doubt here, but when you come OUT OF NOWHERE and start running 10ft behind me…
I would love to know the average number of times my computer has to write ‘fuck’ to the screen each day
I need to make a very important phone call&amp;am struggling to overcome the anxiety related to using the phone enough to actually make the call
My training last week: 5 workouts for 34.12 mi and 3528 calories burned  
Love when   visits tumblr HQ!  
Don't Trust The B was flawless --&gt; Don't Trust The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Why the B____ in Apt. 23 Was Better  
Ahhh!   and   were just at   HQ! I saw them and did like a double-take. So awesome!
Finding out about someone who committed suicide always hits me super, super hard. Whether I know them or not. Ugh.
I’m starting to get an itch to go back to Disney, guys
Literally every single word of this -&gt;  
A4b: Mental struggles have taken me down for longer,but they don’t cause physical injuries.Physical injury causes depression for me #runchat
A4: Physical injury is way worse. You want SO bad to be able to run and you just can’t. #runchat
A1: I think ankle tendinitis kept me from running for the longest. 2-3 months, I think? #runchat
Hey #runchat! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog (sometimes) at  
“You’re scum because you care about other people.” Like, really? Do you guys even know what you’re saying?
It’s basically saying “hey, you give a shit about people who aren’t you and want to make this world a better place for others, fuck you!”
I don’t get how anyone could possibly think “social justice warrior” is an insult
It's so disappointing that service at   in Jersey City is *consistently* shitty.
It's so disappointing that service at   in Jersey City is *consistently* shitty.
Good luck to everyone running #UnitedNYCHalf and #LAmarathon tomorrow!! Have a great race and kick lots of ass!!
If US gov used the foam roller as an "enhanced interrogation technique," we'd call it torture. Yet runners willingly use it. #whyyy #runchat
Usually, this is where Manhattan is  
Ran 11.09 miles in 1 hour and 34 mins and felt great. Great run in the cold rain today! I started out quite a bit   
I need to get off my butt and go do my long run, but I’m only just starting to feel recovered from Thursday night 😳
Coworker’s git commit comment was “fix trans.” Naturally, I had to call him out for that
I also should make sure to never again go home alone when I’m so drunk I can’t walk straight or stay awake on the PATH to not miss my stop
I would love to know how much I actually drank last night so I could make sure to never drink that much again
Apologies to anyone who has to hear my voice today 😳😬😧
   
Fuuuuuuck. I’m so not leaving work sober tonight
Deploying code with four shots of whiskey in front of me ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Sometimes I can’t handle how much cute exists on our cat blog  
I also think it’s a bold move for parents of a trans teen to agree to something that could be very physically/emotionally dangerous for her
Who’s making a bingo card for how TLC screws this up?
Awesome to see something that focuses less on transition and more on day-to-day living as trans, but I have my worries
She still does this and it’s awesome! MT  : This is what we called "mad monster".…  
Ran 7.01 miles in 1 hour and 37 sec and felt great. Almost forgot to log this morning's run! Not as nice weather    
Move over, Reddit: Tumblr is the new front page of the Internet.  
One of the co-founders of   is currently speaking at   HQ about the history of craft beers. Super fascinating!
Lunch at Tumblr HQ  
Ran 8.01 miles in 1 hour and 6 mins and 8 secs and felt great. Great run this morning! I love pushing myself hard   
Working on third breakfast here
While I was sitting here having a super awesome #bibchat tonight,   was in the other room teaching herself to code. #soproud
Man, you runners are supportive as fuck. I love it! #bibchat
Go to fave a tweet from someone in the #bibchat tag and they have me blocked. I’ve NEVER seen them before. Wonder what I did? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Yay! It’s #bibchat time! I’m Amelia from NJ! I blog at   Will be stealth chatting tonight!  
When you forget to leave work
My First iOS App™
Just entered the lottery for a chance to run my favorite marathon again! The  ! #chimarathon #runchat
Life as a series of bad coping mechanisms
I’m just a woman seeking an uneventful code deploy
You don’t knock down other trans women.You don’t sell out the rest of us for whatever scraps of acceptance you literally bought from society
There is pretty much one wrong way to be transgender and Zoey Tur is ALL over it  
If you’re a trans woman who values other trans women by # of surgeries they’ve had or how much $$$ they’ve spent on transition, please STFU
Serious side eye to ANYONE who thinks a trans women’s surgical status is ever relevant outside of doc/patient or sexual interactions
This woman is legit asleep and snoring on the PATH
Ran 4 miles in 32 mins and felt great. Broke out pair #10 of New Balance 1600s for tonight's run. I started the d   
Answers a lot of the questions I had about   and, well, I don’t know that ClassPass is a good thing.  
That’s a serious day, folks
✔️spin class
✔️code
✔️apple event
✔️code
✔️iOS class
✔️study
✔️kick-ass run
    pizza
    Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
    study
    collapse
✔️spin class
✔️code
✔️apple event
✔️code
✔️iOS class
✔️study
✔️kick-ass run
    pizza
    Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
    study
    collapse
Taking a moment to think about the privilege that comes with being able to say “eh, it’s only $349, why not?”
Without MagSafe, not one day would go by without one of my cats destroying my computer
Removing all the ports doesn’t help anything if you need to carry around a bunch of dongles
Apple’s gotta stop with this “force touch” shit
I didn’t believe any of the rumors about Apple doing a MacBook without MagSafe. I’m still shocked by this.
TIL Apple knows what open source is
I still think today is the day there’s finally a woman on stage at an Apple event.
Nothing kills productivity at Tumblr HQ like an Apple event
I’ve slowly shifted from “definitely waiting until 2nd gen before buying an Apple Watch” to “fuck it, I’ll buy an Apple Watch at launch”
Even with four displays at work, I still have two or more virtual desktops on two of them
How   went from someone who struggled to wake up by 9am to being morning ass-kicker  
*puts on Against Me! "True Trans" shirt, walks out of women's locker room*

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
If you Google “anyone with a penis does not belong in womens locker room,” my blog is probably not where you want to end up
I seriously can’t handle Bizarro Carol. #TheWalkingDead #threadtwd
A5c: Think about how much more food you’ll get to eat! #runchat
A5b: Running literally made my whole life better #runchat
A5: If you want to run, don’t let anything stop you. Don’t think, just run. #runchat
A4: I’ve been SUPER into spin class lately. Been doing it weekly &amp; my running has been seeing some results. Also love snowboarding. #runchat
A3: Realistically, maybe 1-2x a week. Should do more, but time, energy, and motivation :/ #runchat
A1: Really depends on how fast I’m running. Super slow and super fast I’m forefoot. The rest of the time, I’m mid to forefoot #runchat
#runchat time! I’m Amelia from Jersey City! I blog at   Who has time for non-running activities?
This #InternationalWomansDay I was mansplained how I’m not actually a woman. #IWD2015
I read  ’s mentions regarding the transphobic woman’s membership being canceled AMA
I’m really really really really really really digging this new Carly Rae Jepson song. Is this something I should be ashamed of?
I apologize for disrespecting everyone with my existence.  
If you're going to try to manspread next to me, I'm going ladyspread you into next week in return.
Was told wanting same access to gyms as non-trans ppl have is "beyond narcissistic." Curious how to describe those who exclude others then
Giving   a tour of   HQ instead of going to MoMA and she goes "this is way better than MoMA"
James H.  
Fell asleep on the couch before I got to do a strength workout tonight. Not happening now. :/
“That’s my favorite kind of cake, gigantic.”
SCORPION PEPPER IN THE EYE!! AAHHHH! OW OW OW! 🔥🔥🔥😱😬😫
Ran 11.11 miles in 1 hour and 36 mins and felt great. Super solid long run today! The temperature was great, but    
Those RTs about selfies are super important. It was a big step when i actually liked my appearance enough to want to take selfies
Can't remember the last time a Target trip went THIS rogue
Sharing again since it's apt right now re: . I recently wrote about being transgender in the locker room  
Of course, all the articles about this frame it like the transphobic woman is the victim.
Gym locker rooms are still scary as hell, but thanks to   for having my trans sisters' backs.  
My desk seriously feels like a little fortress now
Got my hands on a fourth monitor for 8,540,832 pixels of awesomeness   Alright, the last day of the Dopey Challenge! The marathon! My favorite distance! And not just any marathon, but the 25th anniversary Walt Disney World Marathon!

### Pre-race

I did my best to get a good night’s sleep, but it did take me a little while to fall asleep. I think I finally ended up being out by like 8:45, maybe? With a 2:45am alarm set, I didn’t think this was too bad. Six hours is reasonably respectable for the circumstances.

Once the alarm when off, I got myself dressed and stuck with what I had planned to wear the night before. The weather was a little warmer, I think it was even over 40º when I woke up! It’s a miracle! Much warmer than the previous three days, for sure. 
My bus ride over was quick and uneventful. Going through security, I just hoped to not see the same transphobic guard from the half marathon. I, yet again, was wearing all my post-race clothing so my bag check bag was in my pocket, meaning I could go through the no-bag side. 
The Ohana crew was already starting to assemble at our meetup spot for our final hangout. As much as I was over waking up in the middle of the night, I was sad it was our last morning to hang out. While it was still cold out, it wasn’t nearly as bad as the days before. I was wearing a pair of tube socks with the toes cut out as throwaway arm warmers, but I had a pair of real arm warmers and gloves if I wanted them for the race. I knew it’d be warming up way past the point of needing either so I really didn’t want to wear them, but I did want gloves to start. Unfortunately, I hadn’t brought throwaway gloves, but my friend Matthew offered his up to me without missing a beat. I felt bad taking his gloves and tried to refuse, but he wasn’t having any of it. I especially felt bad because he was a bunch of corrals back and would be waiting to start in the cold for _much_ longer than me.

Before heading off to the start, Issac, one of my trans runner friends came over to say hi. He lives in NYC, but this was the first time we actually got to meet in meatspace. 
When it was time to head to the corrals, Nathan, Katherine, and I again made the long trek together. The walk from the staging area to the corrals is more than a half a mile long and kind of annoying when you’re cold, but at least it’s something to get your legs moving a bit.

We hopped into the A corral and found ourselves way closer to the front than we would have liked, but we wanted to be around other people to stay warm. The three of us hung out and mentally prepared ourselves for the final day of running. I just wanted to get moving.  ### Miles 0 - 5

When you’re running Dopey, you probably shouldn’t be in the very first mini-wave to start the marathon, but there we were. Not just A corral (where the three of us _did_ belong), but the first of the mini-waves they broke the corrals into (where we _did not_ belong). I did not want to get swept up in the start and end up going too fast.

Katherine and I started off together, but quickly lost Nathan. This was to be expected, though. Katherine was going for a course PR and Nathan was planning to run a bit slower. We kept the pace nice and manageable, but my legs never really felt like they were settling into it.

These first few miles are always a bit quiet and dark. Even though they’re along the same course as the half marathon, the half seems to have a little more excitement. I think it’s just because you have less ahead of you to stay focused on. There also seemed to be much less entertainment out here than normal. I guess it was just the cold. Or runDisney scaling back. I guess either is likely.

Oh, and the terrifying Mickey Mouse hot air balloon was nowhere to be found.

Coming around by the Ticket and Transportation Center, just before the 4th mile marker, Katherine spotted Twitter friend Christina who was exactly where she said she’d be. She didn’t see us, but we saw her and screamed her name until she heard us. It was nice to see a familiar face for a brief second.

Just after passing the 4th mile marker, I decided it would be a good time to pee since I had to go a bit and didn’t want to hold it all race. I told Katherine I probably wouldn't be able to catch her at the pace we running so we wished each other a good race and I peeled off to a porta potty.

Spoiler: That was the last I saw of Katherine.

I was on my own now! Pretty much the first time since the first half of the 5k.

As we came into the Magic Kingdom bus area and I lapped my watch for mile five, I knew it was time to try to reign in my pace and get things under control. My splits were a bit erratic already and I do better when I’m running more steady. 
### Miles 6 - 13.1

After passing the 5th mile marker, we turned towards the entrance of Magic Kingdom just like we did the day before. And it was, again, glorious. I just can’t get over how much this small change enhances the race. It’s just so magical to enter this way. 
Main Street USA was energetic as always and I soaked it all the way up. As I came around through Tomorrowland, I saw there was hardly any line for Buzz Lightyear so I snapped a quick photo with him. And then I snagged a photo with the White Rabbit, Tweedle Dee, and Tweedle Dum as we came along by Mad Tea Party.  I was pretty close to the front of the pack, relatively, so lines for photo stops were non-existent.

In New Fantasyland, I crabbed out with Sebastian, whom I’ve never gotten a photo with before. And after coming through Fantasyland and Cinderella’s Castle, I also snapped a photo with Woody and Jessie in Frontierland.   
Just like that, we were coming around Splash and Thunder Mountains and making our way out of the park. Back to darkness (my old friend?).

The inter-kingdom trek between Magic Kingdom and Animal Kingdom is, to me, the hardest and worst part of the race. It feels looooong, mostly because it is, and it’s rather boring. You basically just countdown the miles until you get to Animal Kingdom.

I did grab some photos with Clarabelle Cow and the _Up_ gang, though, so that helped to pass about thirteen seconds of the time. I also passed some time on an out-and-back section by looking for Katherine as the course doubled on itself, but no dice. She, apparently, saw me though. Somehow, somewhere, I had gotten in front of her. No idea when that happened, but neither of us saw it happen.  My pace and splits had started to even out a lot more through this section of the race. I got more on track, but I was worried about how fast I was running. I was running roughly 8:20 miles here and didn’t think I’d have it in me to keep that. My legs didn’t feel great and hadn’t at all the entire race. I just never felt good at all. Plus, I was feeling like there might be a 💩 situation later on. Neither my stomach nor my intestines felt amazing. Both had been feeling off since my first gel at mile six. I prepared myself to bonk later in the race and end up with a positive split. I’m just so bad at slowing down once I get moving.

As we approached Animal Kingdom there was just one animal out, a goat or sheep? I can’t remember now. I’m sure it was too cold for most of them, just like it was last year. Usually, there are a whole bunch, though.

Coming into Animal Kingdom, I got a quick photo with Rafiki and Timon and soaked up, what I think is, Disney World’s most beautiful park. Fight me on this, if you want, but I’m right. 
We passed the halfway mark with pretty much no fanfare at all. There was just a timing mat and a smaller 13.1 sign as we came through Asia. I was at 1:54:something, on track for a sub-4:00 finish.

Dinoland USA flew by and we were back out of the parks again. 
### Miles 13.1 to 20

This is the other portion of the race that people tend to not like. I sort of dread it each year knowing it’s a little boring, but it always ends up ticking right off like nothing. Through here, I just focus on getting to ESPN Wide World of Sports and then to that 20th mile marker.

Coming out of Animal Kingdom and around to the front of the park, I couldn’t help but notice how quiet and empty it felt this year. Usually, there is a pretty solid crowd cheering in front of the park, but not so much this year. Again, I’m chalking it up to the weather.

Speaking of the weather, it was warming up a bit and even getting a little warmer than I’d prefer for racing. Just by a couple of degrees, though. The sun was also up now so I popped my sunglasses on. This was the first year I’d brought sunglasses for the second half of the race and I’ve always regretted not doing it before. I had tucked the arms under my Garmin and Apple Watch on my left wrist and, while it wasn’t super annoying having them there, it did feel good to have them on my head now.

I snapped my annual graveyard pic and then mostly continued to ESPN without anymore stops. I had picked my pace up slightly and was now running more like 8:15s. I still wasn’t feeling monster, though. 
Throughout the windy two miles of ESPN Wide World of Sports, I was sort of just over it. I was running well, but not feeling like it. I was tired and my legs were tired.

I got a photo with sporty Minnie Mouse, but it never showed up in my race photos so that’s disappointing. But I did get another photo with Joy and Sadness this year right before heading into the stadium for our lap around the baseball field. 
After passing the 20th mile marker, I knew it was just 10k left to go, which to me always feels manageable. For most marathons, part of my strategy is “just get to mile twenty” and I was there.  
### Miles 21 - 26.2

Coming out of ESPN, I was starting to pick things up a bit. My last 10k was by far the fastest section of the race for me. I don’t know what it is about this course, but this has been fairly consistent for me at the Disney World Marathon.

I was feeling tired, but my legs were trucking and I was passing people left and right. Quite a few runners gave words of encouragement as I went by, “get it, girl,” “you’re crushing it,” etc. Even though my legs were tired, I felt like my form and everything was on-point and I had plenty of back kick.

After mile 21, all of my miles were sub-8:00...which was surprising. So, at this point, I had two things on my mind... 1) score a new course PR and 2) go sub 3:40 for another BQ. I knew I was in good shape for the first, but the second was going to be _close_.

We quickly approached my absolute least favorite quarter-ish mile of the course. Just before you get to the marker for mile 22, you go up an on/off ramp from one highway to another. It's probably the steepest hill of the race, which isn't really same much, tbh. BUT it's also banked so you're running uphill and lopsided. And while you're dealing with that on your oh-my-fucking-god-I'm-44-miles-deep-in-this-stupid-Dopey-crap legs, you've also got a Toy Story army man drill sergeant dude getting all drill sergeanty on your ass here. Every. Damn. Year. _"Run faster, private!"_ _"Get them knees up!"_ Etc. Etc. They're always way deep in character, but I'm rarely in the mindset for shenanigans at this point. Surprisingly, my legs powered through and I must have looked good enough that the he actually complimented me on my form and pace. And, let me just say, this was a lot better than the year he tried to make me drop and give him twenty.

Coming into the back of Hollywood Studios, I knew I was done with taking water and stopping for photos. From here on, it was just running and just high-energy sections of the course.

We came around Tower of Terror and some of the guests in the park were cheering, but most just seemed confused. 

While I really miss running through the Backlot Tour and Streets of America, getting to run down Sunset Blvd is a really great consolation. I love it! 
Then after a quick jaunt down Hollywood Blvd, we were out of Hollywood Studios and making out way over to the Crescent Lake resorts. This part of the race goes quickly, but can be a bit frustrating because of how narrow the course gets when you’re running behind Disney’s Boardwalk. But as I was coming down here, I heard my friend Jen scream “AMELIA I LOVE YOU!” I was SO confused at first. I was sort of flying at this point and in total end-of-race focus mode so I didn’t recognize her voice. I turned and looked and yelled back “I LOVE YOU TOO,” but it wasn’t until a few seconds later that I realized who I said I love you to. I thought I was just yelling at a stranger at first.

Coming over the bridge connecting Boardwalk to Yacht Club, I started looking out for Danielle. She spotted me real quick and from pretty far away so she had a nice bit of screaming my name as I approached. As I ran by, I just screamed “SANDLOT! SANDLOT! SANDLOT!” at her. This idea popped into my head early in the race and I had figured I’d forget by the time I saw her, but apparently, not.

I was fucking beat at this point. I knew I was inside two miles, but ooooooooof. Kill me. Despite that, my legs were still trucking with a mind of their own at sub-8:00 miles. In fact, I was actually speeding up. Mile 25 was a stupid 7:35, roughly PR half marathon pace, and was only second to...mile 26? WTF? 🤷‍♀️

Entering Epcot’s World Showcase, I was down to less than a mile and a half. I just kept reminding myself of that and picturing myself on my running route at home and where I’d be with 1.5 miles left. Oh, and that poop thing I mentioned way back in the first half of the race? Yeah, I was uh...squeezing cheeks.

We crossed over the bridge to the France Pavilion and I lapped my watch and did some quick mental math. I’d have to trip and fall and stay down to miss a course PR at this point, but that BQ time was going to be...close. I just kept pushing and kept passing people. 

The countries ticked off, but the World Showcase felt empty a-fucking-f. To be fair, it wasn’t technically open yet so there weren’t a lot of people cheering, but there also weren't many runners around me here.

Passing by Mexico, I was in the homestretch now and knew it. The pain would be over soon. I came around the turn into Futureworld looking...really good? Like my form looks fantastic in this photo here. This was near the end of a 7:20 26th mile. The hell? 
Futureworld flew by as I kept focused on getting to that finish. As I came out of the park and made those last few turns before the finish line comes into view, I was keeping on the effort and still squeezing them cheeks. 
As I approached the finish line, I thought “hmmm...I wonder if I can do another jumping finish?” I figured I’d at least give it a try. Just as I was crossing, I jumped up with all I could and barely left the ground...and then __ stuck the landing. My legs buckled a bit, but I was about to keep from going down.   It was over! 48.6 miles of running was done!

I crossed at 3:40:15 for a new course PR by over three minutes! Pretty amazing. I did miss a BQ by 16 seconds, but who can complain? Besides, I didn’t _need_ a BQ and it wouldn’t have been fast enough to actually matter anyway. 
### Post-race

After getting my medals and checked bag, I basically ran right to a porta potty and, you know, did what needed to be done.

I figured I should get at least _one_ post-race character photo so I got in line for Dopey...where I finally found Katherine! 
I got my photo, looked at the lines for other characters, and said “fuck it.” I hopped on a bus and literally shivered violently the entire ride back. It was so bad the guy sitting next to me asked if I was okay and if I needed anything.

After getting back to the room, I took my time getting ready for the day. I did some Rapid Reboot recovery sleeving and...uh...pooped like four more times. To be honest, my GI was a complete fucking mess the entire day. Even after leaving the room, I wasn’t done needing to...go. I’ve never had this kind of issue post-race before. I’ve had photo finishes before where I thought I was going to shit my running shorts, but never have I been a mess all day. I even, ugh, fucking 💩💨ed in Animal Kingdom. And, let me tell you, sharting in Disney World is not exactly ideal. I recommend against it.  
### Other crap?

I’m really happy with how this race went. Like, _really, really_ happy. I ran well and stayed strong. I ran another negative split, making for negative splits in six of my last seven marathons. There is just no way you can complain about that.

I was worried that actually training for Dopey this year was going to backfire on me, but it didn’t. I ran my fastest overall Dopey ever. Hell, it was also my fastest Goofy Challenge too!

Lastly, I think this was my favorite Walt Disney World Marathon course ever. This was my sixth time and I don't think the course has ever been exactly the same any of the years I've run it. Well, 2017. What can we say about you? You were not good. We all thought 2016 was pretty much the worst, but 2017, you found a way to top it. For most those of us who expected 2017 to be even worse than 2016, I think it lived up to nearly every nightmare we expected. In some ways, it was even much worse than expected. 

While 2017 felt like it was decades long and has probably aged us all at least that much, I do think there was a lot in 2017 that should give us hope, as long as you’re willing to see it.

However, this isn’t a post about why we should see those things and have hope after 2017. This is a post where I reflect on my _own_ life in the last year, as I try to do each year. For me, it’s important to take this moment as a way to re-center how I see and feel about things. I consider myself a realist in my outlook, but you can’t be a realist without taking moments from time to time to recalibrate.

Much like 2016, I’m stuck in this awkward position of trying to reconcile that my personal life this year was hardly anything I could complain about, despite our world increasingly becoming a hellscape of which there is no escape.

Also like 2016, this year started off with a wonderful trip to Disney World for the Dopey Challenge, my second. runDisney races are how the wife and I have started off six of the last seven years and 2018 will follow in that tradition. It’s just...fun! And, this year, I ran a really incredible marathon in Disney. I couldn’t have been happier with it. 
As for the rest of running, my goal for the year was to run a lot more races than I normally do. Typically, I only run a handful of races each year, but 2017 was supposed to be all about changing that. I’d have to say I succeeded with this. I ran three marathons, seven half marathons, a 10-miler, three 10ks, three 5-milers, and six 5ks. That’s 23 races!

Of those three marathons, the first was my fifth Disney World Marathon, the second was my redemption at Grandma’s Marathon, and the last was my third time doing my favorite marathon ever, the Chicago Marathon. 
Not only did I run those races, but I PRed the 5k (twice), the 10k, the 10-miler (sort of an automatic PR, but fuck it!), and the half marathon. Can’t really complain about that! Oh, and I ran my first international race! And not only were two of those three marathons Boston-qualifying times, but they’re three of my four fastest marathons since transitioning.

I did have a few small running ruts this year and some flirts with injury in the first half that kept me from doing even more, but I don’t think I’m in a position to complain.

I’m finishing this year with 1,582 miles, a new PR by about 30 miles. And if I decide to brave the ice outside after posting this, it’ll be 1,586 before 2017 is dead forever.

Going back to the beginning of the year, we all knew 2017 was going to be rough, but attending the Women’s March in Washington DC turned out to be an amazing way to get energized and ready to fight all year. Of course, it was a mixed experience for many people, but the overall experience of that weekend for me was fantastic. I spent two days with friends and feeling the love and support we all have to give each other. This is for sure something that stuck with me throughout the year. 

Speaking of love and support from friends, 2017 became the Year of Wine and Cheese parties. My friend Grace started having our group of friends over the weekend after the 2016 election  for wine and cheese and, throughout 2017, this became something we did more and more. Each party was more epic than the last, sometimes with twice as many cheeses as people. Each gathering was a lady bonding extravaganza of friendship and support that breathed fresh life into us all. In times like these, friendship is important. 
In addition to great friendships, our family grew this year too! We officially decided to adopt Nibbler, the stray cat we took in at the beginning of November 2016. After adopting him out twice, only to have him come back to us twice, we realized we were his forever home the whole time. We couldn’t bear to send him off to another home. Having four cats is...well, a thing. But our family is big, furry, and happy. I couldn’t be happier to have Nibbler with us forever.  

2017 was also a big year for traveling. In addition to the January Disney trip, I took two other weekend trips to Disney World. One for the runDisney Star Wars Dark Side Challenge in April and the other at the end of September with some of my former Tumblr coworkers. That last trip was a particularly amazing experience because I got to see Disney World through the eyes of a couple adults who were experiencing it for the first time. It was like being around the giddiest of children. 

Despite three trips to Disney, I found time for other trips. I also went to Chicago, Duluth, Montana, London, Berlin, Edinburgh, and Reykjavik.

Chicago is, of course, one of my favorite cities and I’m glad we were able to spend the weekend of Chicago Marathon there three years in a row. 
I really wish I had finished and posted my post about my Montana snowboarding trip in March. This was such an amazingly fun time with Tumblr friends and newly-made friends. I got to spend five days snowboarding in Big Sky and a day snowmobiling in Yellowstone. Yellowstone included seeing multiple geysers, only seeing the very end of Old Faithful because it turns out Old Faithful isn’t so faithful after all, flipping a snowmobile, and having a bison charge at me. Of course, there were also the beautiful landscapes, as well.  
My trip to Duluth was my second time going there for Grandma’s Marathon, but first actually running it. This time, I got to spend most of my weekend with my friend Sophie and hang out around a city I find surprisingly charming and lovely. This trip turned out to be the perfect way to mentally recover from being laid off literally the day before.

Finally, of course, there was that epic Europe trip. When people ask me which of the four cities I liked the most, London, Edinburgh, Berlin, or Reykjavik, I can’t answer. They were all just so amazing. This was my first time traveling abroad alone and also my first time backpacking on a trip. Both aspects turned out to better than I could have possibly imagined.  
Not forgetting about that little “being laid off” bit, I truly see that as one of the best things that happened to me all year. Yes, I LOVEEEEEED working at Tumblr for two and a half of the nearly three years I worked there, but I knew the time had come to move on, for many reasons. I had started looking for a new job already, but being laid off not only gave me the push to really dig into that job search, but it also meant I got a really amazing severance package which made being laid off an oddly solid financial investment—and this a bad run-on sentence with two `but`s . Not to mention, I ended up getting a three-month summer vacation which enabled that Europe trip to even happen. 
And through my job search, I learned a lot about myself and my experience. I gained massive amounts of self-confidence in my skillset and ability to do well in technical interviews. Of my seven in-person interviews, ranging from 3.5 to 6 hours, I got two offers and reasonably thought three of the others went well enough that I might get an offer. I’d always feared technical interviews. Prior to this job search, I had only done three (two of which leading to jobs) and felt like I sort of sucked at them. Technical interviews made me fear ever losing my job or even just searching for a new job, in general. Looking like an idiot or having people think I’m an idiotic imposter is one of my biggest fears in life and going on engineering interviews digs deep down into that. But this stint of interviewing showed me I shouldn’t worry about it. I not only should have confidence in myself, but I shouldn’t fear being able to find a job in this industry.

Plus, in the end, I came out of the experience with a new job at Bitly that I really enjoy. I work with some great people and feel challenged every day. It feels like the right fit for me. 

That new confidence also helped me going into my second college speaking engagement with _slightly_ less fear. I was still terrified, as I hate speaking in front of people or having a spotlight put on my like that, but it went really well. My first speaking experience was to a very small group of students a couple years ago, but this one was to a packed house of around 200 students and faculty members at Shippensburg University, including their dean and president. It was also preceded by a panel about being LGBT in the workplace with some amazing other panelists who are doing great work. Not only did I feel like the talk went better than expected, it did so with some technical difficulties. I had agonized over a powerpoint presentation to provide some visuals and a skeleton for my talk. While the presentation was mostly a crutch for me to have my talking points and outline available, there were also some points in my talk that really relied on the visual aids. However, when the projector was giving issues, I had to improvise and do without visuals. Lucky for me, I was able to use this as little bit of additional comic relief throughout my presentation in a way that made for a better talk. 

Ugh, I wish I had written about that experience when it happened. 😕

And, of course, my friends Matthew and Sarah were amazing hosts while I was in Shippensburg. I’m so glad I said yes when Matthew approached me about this!

I also don’t want to forget about getting a firmer grasp on my mental health this year. I started at the very end of last year, but continued that into this year. I think I’m the most mentally healthy I’ve ever been. This is perhaps one of the best things I did for myself all year. It’s enabled me to be stronger and more resilient.

What a busy year! That’s just the big stuff too, there were, of course, so many smaller everyday kind of things, as well! While I don’t know that any single year could ever touch the life-changing level that 2016 was for me, 2017 was another really big year for personal growth and experiences.

There were for sure negatives this year, like Hattie nearly losing her tail in a freak accident. However, as I look back on my year, the negatives have faded away and are totally eclipsed by all of these wonderful things. It’s something for me to be thankful for and not take for granted. As we all know, 2017 was a complete and utter hellshow, but it’s remembering and focusing on all of these good things that keeps me going and fighting another day. Without reflecting on all of the good I’ve experienced, I’d have nothing to fight for and I’d burn out. That balance is very important to me.

I know 2018 will be, _at best_, an extremely challenging year for our country and the world, but who knows what it’ll have in store for me. I don’t think I could say it better than I did last year:
> 2017 will, almost without a doubt, be worse than 2016, but we don’t have to lie down and accept that quietly. We can stand up and keep on fighting. 2017 may be even worse than 2016, but that doesn’t mean this has to be a thing we’ll say every year going forward. We can put in the work to make this not being the darkest timeline, but just a dark spot in an otherwise brightening timeline. And along the way, we can accept that good and bad things can happen simultaneously. We can accept and enjoy the good while lamenting and fighting against the bad. Life and the world are weird like that and the balance between good and bad things isn’t a constant. It’s a pendulum that swings back and forth.

After nearly three months since being laid off from Tumblr, I’ll be starting my new job this week. I’m pretty excited about it, but before I go into that, I thought I’d write a bit about what my time off and job hunt have been like. I’ve been pretty quiet about this whole thing on social media compared to the way I am about most things, so there’s a bit to catch up on here. 
My _plan_ for my unemployed time was to take at least a few weeks, but probably closer to a month, before doing anything at all. I was going to decompress and relax. Maybe even, I don’t know, enjoy the time off????? I haven’t had more than two weeks off from working in about 14 years so I felt like I deserved to enjoy just a little bit of time.

After a few weeks, I was going to start applying for jobs and asking around for who might be working somewhere that’s hiring. But with six months of severance, I was going to take my time with things. 
The reality was much different than planned. I actually wrote a 3,000 word blog post going into a lot of detail about it, but I decided to scrap it for something a bit different.

While I wanted to take the time off before doing anything, I also wanted to at least deal with my inbox first. The layoffs at Yahoo (who owned Tumblr prior to being acquired by Verizon) weren’t exactly a secret, even before they officially happened. So a lot of recruiters blasted out emails to people they found on Linkedin with Tumblr/Yahoo listed as their employer.

At minimum, I wanted to reply to a few of the non-gross sounding recruiters so their messages weren’t just sitting there forever. In addition to this, I had one recruiter I had been working with for a little bit before I was laid off. I wasn’t looking to get out of Tumblr ASAP, but I had started looking. I just didn’t have a _strong_ motivation to get out because I loved Tumblr.

From here, things ramped up immediately. Before I even caught my breath, my schedule was filled with phone calls and tech screens at companies. This was in addition to trying to schedule plans with both friends I hadn’t seen in a while and former coworkers for catching up.

My schedule quickly became busier than when I was employed. I was on the go non-stop from waking up until late evening. It was exhausting, but also good. Any free time between scheduled stuff, I spent doing practice coding exercises online so I could be prepared for interviews.

Trying to schedule things was a whole new level of hell. Each company/recruiter would ask for 3-4 times I was available so they could schedule on their end, but there were points where I had a ton of things scheduled already and then had two or three companies I was waiting to hear back about, but had to hold multiple spots for until one was confirmed. A couple companies did make this easier, though, by using system that allows you to just pick a time from what they have available. This was super helpful! If your job entails scheduling with people, you should do this! 
My first five weeks of unemployment were the exact opposite of what I had planned for them to be. I could have decided to put all of this on hold, but I was interviewing with a few companies I wanted to work for, so I didn’t want to hold up those processes. Additionally, Tumblr/Yahoo wasn’t the only NYC tech company that had layoffs this summer. Etsy and SoundCloud, among others, also had layoffs. Typically, there are way more jobs in development than there are developers to fill them, but I knew there might be a bit more competition for the jobs I was looking for. 
If you work in tech, you can skip this section, but for those who don’t, I figured I’d give a quick little overview of what it’s like to interview as a developer. Note that none of this is an endorsement of the process; I think the tech interview process is incredibly flawed.

Things start off probably the way they do for a lot of other jobs. You’ll have a call with a recruiter (or someone performing the role of a recruiter). This is just a quick screen where they ask a little about your work history and what you’re looking for, as well as tell you a bit about the role and the company. On one level, they’re just trying to get a quick feel for whether you might be a fit for their company and the role, but they’re also trying to sell you on working at their company. At a really small company, this might actually be with an engineer, but it’s separate from any of the technical interviewing.

And this is, of course, after any email or Linkedin correspondence you might have before. If you’re working with a third party recruiter, that conversation would also be before this call.

The second step could be one of two options, both are designed to suss out if you actually know how to code at all and to get a quick sense for whether or not you’re worth the time to bring in. This step could either be a take home coding exercise or a phone-based one. Some companies will give you a choice between the two, but most will just give you one or the other.

The phone-based exercise is typically you and an engineer on their end. The call might start out with a quick chat about their role, the role you’re interviewing for, and/or your past, but this is brief. Some interviews just get right into it. Your call is either via video chat or the phone, but will (almost) always have a shared screen for coding. The interviewer will ask you one or two questions and you’ll work through how to solve them. Sometimes, you’re expected to write code that will run and produce the desired results. Other, you’ll be writing actual code, but won’t have to actually run it. These calls are typically 45-60 minutes so it can be hard to solve the problem and produce bug-free code. Generally, you’re being evaluated on your approach to solving the problem and the efficiency of your solution. At the end, there is typically some time to ask questions about the company and the role.

Take home exercises are similar in idea, but a little different. Here, you’re given a problem or two to solve on your own time. You usually have a few days to a week. Then you submit your solution afterwards. In my experience, these are expected to take three or four hours, but I’ve done some that take longer. You’ll be expected to produce an actual working solution that is (relatively) bug-free. And because you have more time, you’re usually expected to write higher quality code than on a phone-based screen.

Between the two, I prefer the take home exercise and would opt for that when given the choice. They’re a little more involved and take longer, but I always feel like I can better show off my ability when someone isn’t actively watching me write code and I have a little bit of time to think. They’re also just wayyyyy less stressful, I think.

The final stage of a tech interview is the onsite portion. This can be between three and six hours and may or may not include lunch. Basically, it’s a long ass thing.

The onsite interview will consist of a number of different sessions. Anywhere from three to six, in my experience, but usually four. Each will be 45-60 minutes and with one or two interviewers (most of mine were with one). These sessions will include any mix of coding on an actual computer, writing code on a whiteboard, solving system architecture problems, having a sample of code you brought with you reviewed, reviewing a sample of code given to you, figuring out and fixing a breaking issue or code with a bug in it, and a more values-based subjective type of interview (what most non-technical interviews typically are). It’s common for multiple sessions to be of the coding on a whiteboard type. Here you’re typically evaluated on your approach to the problem and the efficiency of your solution.

The onsite portion of tech interviewing is exhausting and stressful. 
I went on a total of six onsite interviews since being laid off. The shortest was 3.5 hours and the longest was 6 hours. Two were 5.5 hours. 😴😴😴 And the first five of them were within a three week period. For the most part, I thought they all went pretty well on my end. There was one company I was really excited for and thought I would love working at until the interview which made me lose all interest in wanting to work there.

If I’m remembering correctly, I did eight take home and phone screen evaluations with seven different companies (one company wanted me to do two 🙄). Of those seven companies, all of them invited me in for onsite interviews. The seventh one, I canceled after accepting an offer, hence having done six and not seven.

Three of those eight were take home style evaluations. There was also a fourth that I started, but didn’t submit because of accepting an offer. For the most part, I actually sort of enjoyed working on these. They were fun little projects and they also gave me an opportunity to get more practice writing Go (the programming language I was teaching myself at the beginning of summer).

There were a few additional companies I talked to without actually having anything go anywhere. One didn’t seem to have any interest in pursuing things with me, which was fine by me because the person I talked to there sounded like a massive douche... (I didn’t literally hang up, but mentally, I was done with that)

The rest of the companies I spoke to seemed interested, but got caught up with scheduling and timing issues or ended up filling the role before I would have gone in anyway.

In addition to all of the above, I had one onsite interview with one company and a take home evaluation with another before being laid off. The onsite interview did not go well at all. I was totally out of practice and rusty on interview-type stuff (which is usually nothing like what a developer actually does day-to-day). It was my first technical interview in three years. I also had gotten a bad vibe from the company beforehand and wasn’t super excited for the interview so that may have played into my performance as well. 
In total, I got two offers. Because of the timing of the second one, I had about 3.5 hours to make a decision between the two. Company A had come the week before and was expiring. Company B, I was expecting immediately following the interview (I _knew_ I nailed it), but the timing made things really close.

Choosing between the two was agonizing. Even though I had three and a half hours to make the decision, I did find out the night before (a few hours after the interview) that I would be getting an offer from Company B. I just didn’t know how much it would be for. This started my decision-making process, but it was hard to really make a decision without having the offer in front of me.

Between the two companies, I was really excited about them both and knew I couldn’t go wrong with either. Company A is a very stable, but smaller company that is profitable. Company B is a small startup that hasn’t yet launched (they’re targeting later this year), but has funding and should be good with money for a while. Their product was something that looked great and I knew I would be very excited and passionate about working on.

Both companies offered me working in languages I wanted to work in. Both are Go, the language I most was hoping to work with, and Company A is also Python, which I’d like to finally learn anyway. I felt like I could make a big impact at either company, but Company B would allow me to really own what I was working on and drive a lot of it. It would likely be _much_ more challenging. Both companies came across as having awesome people that I’d love to work with.

So choosing suuuuuuucked. I was really back and forth on it. Luckily, they both were through the same third party recruiter so I was able to talk things through with her without her being biased over which direction I went. Danielle definitely made clear where she wanted me to go.

Company A was offering me more money, better healthcare that’s also trans-inclusive and 100% covered premiums, 401k (with employer match), commuter benefits and a better commute (literally one block from Tumblr HQ 🤣🤣🤣), a dog-friendly office (not that we have a dog, but I want to hang out with other people’s doggos!), and a few other small perks. Because Company B is a small startup, they couldn’t offer most of that and the offer was lower.

In the 3.5 hours I had, I asked Company B for more in the base salary, but they could only offer me a signing bonus making up the difference between the two offers. Of course, that only makes up the difference for my first year there. Between the two, Company A also offers a better work/life balance and no on-call rotation, while Company B isn’t at a stage to be able to offer that.

In the end, I had to make an actual adult decision. At 34, things like a 401k matter. If I was in my early 20s still, I would probably approach things differently and even be disappointed in myself for approaching this how I did, but 🤷‍♀️. Even though I only had a little bit of time, I decided to at least rough estimate the true difference between the two offers. I estimated what it would cost me out of pocket to make up for the 401k, the health and commuter benefits, the commute itself, and the other differences. In the end, I would be coming out about even with what I was pocketing at Tumblr, at best—a salary I felt was no longer where I should be.

After agonizing, I made a decision. Despite the above, I chose Company B and went with the role that would be more challenging and the product I would get to have the most impact on. That was at 2:52pm, with 8 minutes until my call with Company A to tell them my decision.

At 2:55pm, Danielle asked me “are you happy with your decision?” And, honestly, I couldn’t say yes. Something felt off. I wanted to be happy, but I wasn’t. I think in that moment, it really hit me the difference in what the work/life balance would be between the two and how much the benefits really mattered. I could have been fine with the work/life balance if it was only lower salary or worse benefits, but I couldn’t do it with both.

At 2:58pm, I messaged Danielle and said “I’m going with Company A. I think that’s the right decision.” Two minutes later, it was official!

So that was that! 
Yup, Bitly! The link shortening company. I’m pretty excited for it! I got a really good vibe from everyone there and it’ll be nice to work for a company that is profitable. Plus, it’s the same short and easy commute as I had at Tumblr and just a block away so I can meet my favorite old coworkers for lunch. 
The company is small enough that I think I’ll get to have a pretty solid impact, but also stable. While I am in a place in my career and financially that I could have taken a risky position at a startup without too much worry, I think it’ll be nice to have have some stability in my workplace. As much as I loved Tumblr, it wasn’t really the most stable company to work for in the last two years because of Yahoo being up for sale and, eventually, selling to Verizon. And before Tumblr, I was at a company that made money, but had been acquired by a larger company and had been slowly but consistently changing with processes and such in flux for years.

I’m also excited to work in Go and Python. I’ve really been loving Go and I’m surprised I’ve gone this long without needing to learn Python. I think it’ll be a good skill to have for my career.

Additionally, I’ve been starting to realize just how bad it was the way I let Tumblr invade my whole life. I’ve always been a very big proponent of keeping a good work/life balance and had never let myself stray from that. It’s one thing to have friends from work whom you hang out with after hours and on the weekends, for sure. It’s another thing when you let your life start to revolve around that whole world and you’re constantly checking Slack all the time. Your job shouldn’t be your life. I made that mistake with Tumblr. It became everything and sucked up so much of my life. I don’t want to do that again. I want to work at a place that I really enjoy being at, but that is only part of my life, not the entire thing. While _working_ after hours wasn’t a thing I did at Tumblr, I think Company B had a strong potential to try to suck me into doing stuff well beyond 40 hours/week. 
In the end, both of my offers came from companies I got in the door at because of the recruiter I was working with before being laid off. She’s, honestly, fantastic. She was super nice and really made me feel like she cared about finding me the _right_ fit. If anyone is looking for a job in tech in NYC, let me connect you with her!

Not everyone I worked with was like this, though. I worked with one recruiter who did just about everything he could to annoy me. I talked to a few companies through him and did one phone tech screen. That company wanted me to come in for an onsite interview, but that was the interview I canceled.

This recruiter constantly texted me about opportunities, which just like...no. Don’t do text me unless it’s urgent. And his texts were always like “do you have a few minutes to hop on a call?” Then the call would just be him telling me real quick about the company and asking me to email him some times I was free to schedule. Like, dude, just email me. Don’t text me. Don’t make me talk on the damn phone for something that’s _better_ emailed. Eventually, I had to ask him to stop texting me. In addition to those two strikes, he also didn’t really listen to me with the companies he was trying to set me up with. One of the companies, in particular, I told him wasn’t interesting to me. They seemed cool, but it wasn’t a product I had any interest in working on. He set up a call anyway. And then, it turned out the role wasn’t even a senior level even though I told him I was only looking for senior roles. Still, he kept pushing me to interview there anyway. He was clearly more interested in filling roles than he was with fitting the right people with the right roles.

I know recruiters make money by filling openings, but he made me feel like nothing more than a product he was trying to move. He was otherwise a nice guy and we talked about cats a bunch, but when it came to business, it felt totally cold and impersonal.

I had two companies I expected to offers from give me the same reasoning for not moving forward. They both said they liked me a lot and thought I might be a good fit, but not for the roles they were currently hiring for. They each said they wanted me to connected back with them in a few months. The first company really irked me with this. It should have been super obvious from the beginning that I wasn’t going to be a fit for the role they were hiring for. Nothing in the recruiter call or technical phone screen should have indicated my background was right for that role. They shouldn’t have even brought me in for an onsite interview. Instead, they wasted 5.5 hours of my time. During the process, they made no indication to me that they weren’t hiring for a role I thought I’d be a fit for.

One last thing to sort of mention here, it’s weird to be interviewing for a new job when you’re, for lack of a better term, notable. By notable, I mean, if you Google me, not only am I the only Amelia Gapin, but the results aren’t just like my blog and Twitter or the typical things you get when you search most people. Because of the magazine, there’s all this other stuff that comes up when you search me. If you go beyond the first couple pages of search results, you’ll find a few other articles about me that aren’t related to the magazine. Some are other articles about me as a vocal trans athlete and some are about the startup I co-founded. Still, they’re things that likely stand out.

I always hate bringing up the magazine or doing anything that might come across as humble bragging or whatever it sounds like when you read this, but it was a thing. I expect companies and interviewers to Google people before interviewing them, but it’s weird when there’s actually something for them to find and all of it is just out there.

It came up in one interview when the CEO of the company mentioned he Googled me. He didn’t say it to particularly talk about the magazine, but instead to talk about what all of the results he found for me, in addition to the way I talk about things on my blog, say about me to him (it was a good thing). Still, it was weird. It’s one thing whe people read my blog or Twitter beforehand—at this point, everyone has some public-facing internet presence that can precede them. It’s another thing when there’s stuff _about_ you.

And besides the magazine itself, I’m also walking into a interview with someone who likely already knows I’m trans before I get there. This would be the case anyway thanks to my openness on my blog and my Twitter, but it’s definitely a thing to consider. It means I might basically be “the trans one” to them. Not necessarily in those words, but that’s the _thing_ about me that sticks out. I guess the good thing about this, however, is I likely have to worry less about getting a job offer and finding out my transness is going to be a thing there after starting. This would, in theory, have already played out.

ANYWAY, I’ll stop throwing words at you now and wrap this up here. I start at Bitly on Wednesday and I’m excited for it. I’m not really ready for my summer vacation to end and I absolutely hit a point where I no longer want to ever work again, but I’m excited for my new job!

Berlin is, by far, one of my favorite cities on the planet. It’s just so damn good in so many ways. I’ve been saying for years I want to move to Berlin and when shit goes to shit in the US, Berlin is where I want to go to.  I arrived in Berlin to Schonenfeld Airport in the early afternoon. I remember when I was in Berlin in 2012, the new airport was supposed to be open, but it was delayed and _still_ isn’t open yet. Anyway, I hopped on the train to the city and got off at Alexanderplatz. Google told me to transfer to another train to get to my Airbnb, but I decided it was a nice day out and I’d walk the mile or so instead, even with my heavy backpack. 
When I arrived at my Airbnb, my host’s cleaning lady let me in. The apartment was on the 21st floor and provided an amazing view of the city from both the kitchen and my room. My room was absolutely huge, much more than I needed for just myself. Since I was feeling pretty gross thanks to not showering before leaving Edinburgh, I took a quick shower before heading out for the afternoon. 
I didn’t actually end up meeting my host until the next morning after my run, but she turned out to be a sweet old German woman who had lived in East Berlin during the Cold War. She was very friendly and offered me breakfast every day and was eager to sit and talk with me. She also insisted on doing my laundry for me after I asked her how to work her washing machine—it was entirely in German and I can’t make heads or tails of it.

My Airbnb was very conveniently located in Mitte, within a reasonable walk from most things I wanted to do. It couldn’t have been much better. However, next time I’m in Berlin, I might stay in the more northern section of Mitte, closer to more of the nightlife.

Getting around Berlin, well at least Mitte, was pretty easy from memory so that was helpful. And the U-Bahn and S-Bahn are easy to navigate with Google Maps to tell you where to get on and off. 
I did three runs while in Berlin. When Danielle and I were in Berlin in 2012, we had plans to run in Tiergarten, but never ended up doing it because we were exhausted. I wasn’t going to let that happen this time. 
My first run was five miles along the river. A lot of cities have paths along their rivers, but the section of the Spree I was running along didn’t have one so I was running on the sidewalk next to the river. This left me with a lot of street crossings to contend with, but for the most part they were small enough to cross without having to stop. I ran just into the northern section of Tiergarten near the Reichstag and then turned around to head back. My legs were pretty exhausted for this run, but it was still an enjoyable. Mostly, I was just happy to be in Berlin and going for a run! 
My second run was supposed to be a morning nine-miler. Unfortunately, my clothes were...MIA. My host had taken them to wash as she said she would, but I guess they weren’t dry yet and I had no idea where they were. She also either wasn’t home or wasn’t awake when I woke up. So I just went about the rest of my day with hopes of fitting my run in later. And if not, I had a little flexibility to move things around for the next few days. 
I ended up squeezing it in later that evening. I was debating if I’d have time to do it before it got dark and how safe it’d be if I didn’t finish before the sun was down. My tour guide from a tour earlier that day said it would still be very safe for me to run even if it was dark so I decided to go for it. I quickly changed and took off towards Tiergarten. Once I got there, I felt right at home along its paths. It was the perfect place to run. Despite being dusk, there were _tons_ of other runners out. It was glorious and my legs were feeling amazing. I was crushing mile after mile and looping all over the park. I was feeling so good I decided to throw a tenth mile in before finishing up. This run literally couldn’t have been better and I finished up before it was completely dark out. Wins all around! 
The next morning, less than twelve hours later, I woke up and knocked out my third Berlin run. This was a simple four-miler that just looped a bit into Tiergarten and then back to my Airbnb.  Food is one of my favorite things in Berlin. There’s just so much good stuff to eat!

One of my main goals was making sure I had currywurst. The best I had was at Dom Curry, but I also had it a couple of other times while walking around the city. Yum yum! 
The fanciest meal I had in Berlin was at Lebensmittel in Mitte. This is a delicious German restaurant with a 9.2 rating on Foursquare. This wasn’t on my list before going to the city, but I had trouble finding the place I was trying to find one night and ended up picking another one on Foursquare nearby. Unfortunately, Foursquare didn’t tell me you need to have a reservation here, but they were nice enough to sit me at a table outside anyway. The menu was all in German, but I was able to make enough sense of it to order my meal and a beer. It was fantastic! Highly recommended. I followed this up with ice cream from Bandy Brooks on my walk back to the Airbnb. 
The morning that I couldn’t run because of my MIA clothes, I decided to take a long walk to find Bonanza Roastery. It’s a coffee roastery and is most excellent!. I stayed for a couple cappuccinos and a pastry for breakfast. Bonanza has a great atmosphere and they require people sitting with laptops to only be at certain tables so as to make sure there are still tables for other people.  A repeat restaurant I hit up from when I was in Berlin in 2012 was Chipps. This was our favorite place on that trip so I wanted to come back for breakfast one day. It was as good as I remember! And it’s in a convenient location to start off your sightseeing day. 
On my last day in Berlin, I went a bit overboard trying to hit up some places before leaving. I had lunch at Shiso Burger and ordered the bulgogi burger. It was 👌👏. From there, I went around the corner to The Barn for a coffee and then continued walking around. I walked over to Zeitgeist für Brot for a coffee cake with pie filling. It was so fucking good! And then from there I grabbed another coffee from Five Elephant because it looked cool when I walked by, but it turned out to not be that great in reality. Can’t win them all, I guess. My last stop before heading off to the airport was at Rausch Schokoladenhaus for some chocolate.   
Going back to my first night in Berlin for a second, I went on a beer tasting tour. Unlike the pub crawl in Edinburgh, this was much more about actually _tasting_ beer and learning about the history of beer in Germany. We started at Weihenstephaner Berlin which is a restaurant run by the world’s oldest brewery still in existence. We sampled a few different brews there before moving on to Brauhaus Lemke. Part of the tour also included buying some beers to walk around the streets with, as that’s legal in Germany 🍻🚶‍♀️🤤. We ended at Kaschk, a fantastic craft beer bar which was had also been recommended to me before my trip.

During the tour, I made friends with an Australian couple who was in the middle of a four week European trip. They were great company to have while drinking.    

Like the rest of my trip, I packed my time in Berlin.

In 2012, we took an amazing free walking tour from SANDEMANs that we loved. Our tour guide, Sam Noble, was incredibly passionate and knowledgeable and you could tell he just straight-up lived for giving tours and sharing history. At the time, he was working on his PhD at Humboldt University in Berlin. Fast forward to a couple weeks before this trip and I found out he was still giving tours and listed his Instagram on his bio on the SANDEMANs site. I decided to be a little creepy and send him a message asking him if I could request to be in his tour group. He was kind enough to send me his schedule and I made sure to book for when he was doing the tour. 
To my delight, he was as great as he was five years ago. His tour had evolved a little, but it was still superb. He was no longer pursuing his PhD and is now giving tours full time so he really puts his all into it. It was such a great time! This tour included Pariser Platz and Brandenburg Gate, the outside portion of the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe, Führerbunker, Bundersministerium dear Finanzen (the old Luftwaffe HQ), the Berlin Wall Monument, Checkpoint Charlie, Konzerthaus Berlin, Französischer Dom, Bebelplatz, and The Memorial to the Book Burning of 1933. And, of course, more history than you could possibly hope to remember.  I also did the SANDEMANs Third Reich tour with Theo. This tour was an interesting deeper dive into some of the WWII portions of the free tour. Theo was good, but not as good as Sam. This tour included some of the same stops as the free tour, but also Tiergarten, the outside of the Reichstag, the Memorial to the Sinti and Roma Victims of National Socialism, Soviet War Memorial, Memorial to Homosexuals Persecuted Under Nazism, Potsdamer Platz, Stiftung Neue Synagoge Berlin, and Jüdischer Friedhof Berlin-Mitte.

The final guided tour I did while in Berlin was a tour to Sachsenhausen concentration camp in Oranienburg. This was, obviously, a somber and heavy tour, but it felt necessary to squeeze it into my trip. Our guide, Rob McCracken, took us on the train to Oranienburg and then on the same walk from the train station the prisoners of Sachsenhausen would have been forced on. 
The tour was extremely well done and Rob did a great job of telling the history—a lot of which I had zero idea about—and also going deep into the societal, political, mental, and emotional aspects of what happened at the concentration camp and in the town around it. He constantly posed the question of what the German people really knew about what was happening at the time. And he repeatedly urged us to think hard about what each of us would have truly done at the time. It’s easy to look back on something like this and say what you’d have done, but it takes a lot to think critically about yourself and what you would have _actually_ done when faced with that same situation. This should hit any American who takes this tour hard right now. 
Despite being emotionally intense, I’m glad I went and I’m even more glad I did so as part of a tour. The tour added a lot more than I would have gotten doing this on my own. I learned more and got a much greater sense of context in which all of the atrocities here happened. At the same time, the tour also allowed me to experience everything with other people and to have a little reprieve from the gravity of it all. On the tour, I made friends with woman from DC whom I chatted with the entire time. I don’t want to say this dulled impact at all, but it helped to give frequent and well needed emotional breaks. 
I took a lot of photos while at Sachsenhausen, which is something I felt a bit weird about. It’s one of those things where you want be respectful and you don’t want to make light of anything. But on the other hand, it’s something you _need_ to remember. It’s something no one should ever be able to forget. For me, it felt important to have those photos in my phone’s camera roll. Not because I’d purposely go back and look for them, but because they should be there when I scroll back looking at other photos. They should be there to be stumbled upon as a reminder. For me, taking photos was a way to take it all with me. 
Aside from my tours, I did a lot of exploration on my own. I spent some time walking around Mitte and enjoying the street art and walking through Haus Schwarzenberg and Hackenscher Markt. I also walked around Michaelkirchplatz and Kreuzberg on my way back from Bonanza Roastery.     
After the free walking tour, I went back to the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe and actually went down into the memorial. I didn’t even know about this part of it when we were in Berlin in 2012. This was, by far, the most emotional part of my trip. This memorial focused very closely on the Jews who were murdered. One room had parts of letters and postcards sent doing the Holocaust. Most of them were little more than recovered fragments. Few were full letters. I cried while reading many of them. This room in particular, to me, was the most real of everything in Berlin. It was the most personal and put more of a human face on Holocaust then even Sachsenhausen did. It was more than a gut punch. It was a pummeling. 
The next room told the story of more than a dozen families. Each family had a section talking about where they were from, the members of the family, what they did, and other personal stories. It then went on to detail what happened to each member of the family during the Holocaust. This was another really tough section to get through.

From there, I decided to keep things heavy for a bit and went over to the Topography of Terror. In 2012, this was one of our favorite parts of Berlin. By favorite, I mean it’s very well done and we learned a lot from it. It’s obviously not fun, but it’s a really great museum to spend some time at.  

As I’ve mentioned, I really love Berlin. There is a lot of great food to eat, a lot to see, and a lot to experience. It’s the kind of city I could come back to every year. My only real complaint about Berlin is that Germans don’t serve tap water. It’s harder to get water than it is beer in Berlin. When you go out to eat, you have to order bottled water and if you ask for tap water, they won’t give it to you.  

My time in Berlin was incredibly surreal, as this was during the height of what was happening in Charlottesville. Being in Germany and visiting the places I did while white nationalists and nazis were holding rallies in America was a strange experience. But the thing about Germany is they’ve dealt with their past. They don’t pretend it wasn’t a problem and they learn from it. Learning from it is a deeply ingrained part of their culture and education. Rather than try to forget it, they keep reminders of it out in the open. This is something America still has not done with racism and slavery. We need to deal with our past the way Germany has. Everything happening in our country now is because we haven’t dealt with it and refuse to.  Below are my check-ins on Swarm. Some of them aren’t places I went into, but instead were just places I was at or walked by. Some places I was just stealing wifi or using a bathroom. And some, I checked in multiple times as I passed them more than once.     
Unlike London, this was my first time in Edinburgh. I didn’t know a lot about the city before this trip, but I’d always heard amazing things about it.

One thing I definitely didn’t know was that during August there is a huge (like _really_ huge) arts festival called Fringe. I had never even heard of it before my trip and only found out what it was the day before leaving London to head up to Edinburgh. What I found out after getting there was that Fringe is absolutely wild and intense. There are constantly dozens and dozens of shows happening at any moment and in all kinds of venues, many of which are makeshift venues like coffee shop basements and restaurants. And the shows are all over the map, they are musicals, improv, standup, poetry, comedy, one-person shows. All kinds of stuff! Fucking wild, I tell you! 
I arrived by train after 10pm and was exhausted. I had made the most of the day in London before getting on the train and was ready to go to bed. Unfortunately, it took me a little while to find my Airbnb. It was very conveniently located in Old Town, but it was just down a weird two level street that I totally didn’t understand at all. 
When I got to my Airbnb, my host was hanging out in the kitchen with one of the other guests, a German woman from Berlin named Claudia. She really wanted to go out and see some live music and have a beer. The two of them convinced me to go with them and off we went. I didn’t want to stay out long, but I figured it’d be a nice way to experience nightlife stuff, especially since my time in Edinburgh was limited.

We hit up a music venue with a Scottish ska band playing (yeah, ska) and grabbed some beers. From there, we went over to a standup show around the corner. This was a man and a woman each doing sets. The woman, Megan Shandley, was very funny. The guy was also funny until he made a transphobic joke and then I over him. 
Getting around Edinburgh was very easy on foot. Everything I wanted to do was walking distance from my Airbnb. And it’s a very beautiful and old city to walk around so it was perfect.

I only had two full days in Edinburgh (aside from the unplanned late night my first night there). Had I known about Fringe, I would have probably wanted to stay a full week. At least. There were dozens of shows I wanted to see, but I could only do so many in my limited time there.

My Airbnb was kinda not amazing. I mean, it was located in a very good location for seeing stuff and the host was really nice, but it felt a bit dirty and the apartment reeked of a place where smokers lived for years and years. It served its purpose though.  I had two runs planned for Edinburgh, but thanks to being out late the night before, I missed the first one. Luckily, that was just a four-miler so it wasn’t too big of a deal. And this was pretty much the only planned run I entirely missed without making up throughout my whole trip.

The second planned run for Edinburgh was the one I was most worried about during the trip because it was a long run of 15 miles. I knew I had to get it done, though, so I made sure nothing stopped me. The day before, I went on Strava and joined an Edinburgh running group for women and asked if anyone would be interested in making a new friend and running with me. To my delight, someone actually did! I was really excited for this!

We met up for an afternoon long run. Edite and I ran about 11 of my 15 miles together. We started around Holyrood Park and ran around Arthur’s Seat while climbing the tough hill there. Then we made our way down to the beach, where I would have never thought to go on my own. It was a nice mix of scenery. After heading back from the beach, we made our way around another park before we split ways. I finished up with a couple laps around the park to round out my 15 while trying _really_ hard not to shit my pants because my body decided it HAD to 💩 and this was going to be non-negotiable. 
Overall, it was a really nice run besides the poop stuff and I was so happy to have a made a new friend for it!  I think out of all the places on my trip, I had the most places to eat saved in Foursquare for Edinburgh. There were so many restaurants, pubs, and coffee shops I wanted to try. 
My first real meal was breakfast at Hemma. It was superb and just what I needed after my hike of Arthur's Seat. The food was great and so was the atmosphere. For an afternoon snack, I stopped at Shakeaway and got an amazing milkshake to enjoy while walking around the city. I followed that up with tea and a sandwich and scone from Forsythe's Tea Room. The tea was good, but the food was pretty meh. To be honest, the experience was a little too kitschy old Scottish grandma for me. For dinner, I had a burger and fries from The Holyrood 9A and washed it down with a delicious beer.  The next morning, I started my day off with coffee and avocado toast from Brew Lab Coffee.

That evening I did a pub crawl and mostly just had a random sampling of bits of food throughout. The pub crawl was fun, though. I made some new friends and drank a ton of beer. I think we went to six pubs and nightclubs. Each one gave us a free shot and then had drink specials. By the end of the night, I was _quite_ drunk. So much so that I was still drunk when I woke up the next morning for my flight to Berlin. Awesome. LOL.

The crawl started at The Inn on the Mile and then we went to Pilgram Bar, The Whistle Stop Barber Shop, Frankenstein, Sneaky Pete's, and The Hive. Frankenstein was a bit more wild and crazy than I'm into these days, but the karaoke was at least entertaining to watch. The Hive and Sneaky Pete's were more like nightclubs which is definitely not my thing, but I still had a good time dancing with my new friends and having some really interesting political conversations with people from all over there place. The Pilgrim Bar and Whistle Stop were both more my speed, though. I'd definitely go back to those places.  

As I mentioned above, hit up a standup show my first night. The show was at Just the Tonic in one of their smaller rooms in the back. It honestly was just a cave, hence its name, The Cave. It was kinda neat though! The ska band I saw right before was at Stramash which is basically next door.

The morning of my first full day in Edinburgh, I slept in much later than planned. This was thanks to my late night. I had planned to run up Arthur's Seat. However, that plan was made before I actually knew what Arthur's Seat really was. It's a very old dormant volcano! I ended up hiking up it instead and, to be honest, I'm glad I didn't try to run. I don't think I would have made it. There were some people I saw who did run up, but it was wet from the rain the night before and extremely slippery. Definitely didn't feel like running would have been safe. Just hiking it felt super sketchy. On my way done, I chatted it up with an older couple. The woman lived in the UK for the last 30 years, but was originally from the US. She ended up being great company for the hike back down. The view from the top was truly beautiful, though! And I was also lucky enough to get up and down just before the crowds started coming out.
 
While I missed my run, the hike absolutely felt like it more than made up for the four miles I had planned.   
Next up for the day was the free SANDEMANs walking tour. This was a fantastic tour of mostly Old Town, including Grassmarket, Greyfriars Kirkyard, Flodden Wall, and a bunch of other stops. I learned a ton about the history of Scotland and Edinburgh. The tour guide also pointed out some of the graves in Greyfriars Kirkyard that JK Rowling used as inspiration for Harry Potter. He pointed out the inspirations for Hogwarts as well. One thing the tour guides had been asked to stop doing was taking people to the grave of Tom Riddell, but he had no problem telling us where to find it after the tour.    

From the end of the tour, I made my way down to New Town to explore on my own. On my walk over that way, I walked around Edinburgh Castle and stopped for a few minutes to watch a street performer playing songs for a small crowd. He asked where I was from and I replied that I was from New York (easier than saying Jersey City). From there, he went into two great anti-Trump ballads for me. This was a recurring theme from my every city of my trip, Trump and the USA are a terrifying af joke.

I walked around West End and Multrees Walk. I also went up into the Scott Monument. This was really rad, but also a little scary because of how tight and steep the spiral staircases were. There was only one way up and down and it got a bit crowded at points where it was hard to pass people without being afraid you'd slip and tumble all the way down. Still, the views were great and every time I thought I was all the way up, there was another staircase to discover to go up even higher.  After this, I was handed a flier for a small improv show happening nearby. I decided to check it out since I had some extra time. And I'll just say this, it was bad! It was three dudes who were not good at improv at all, but it was at least entertainingly bad until they made three transphobic jokes in rapid succession.

Last up for the day was the SANDEMANs Dark Side Tour. This was a exploration of Edinburgh's more gruesome past including murder, people being buried alive and coming back from the dead, grave robbing, torture, witches, hangings, body stealing, people being crushed to death by falling coffins, and all kinds of other morbid stuff. Personally, I loved the tour and thought our guide, Sarah, was amazing. She was animated and passionate and an amazing storyteller. This tour also made for a great companion to the free tour earlier in the day as it went into more detail for a few things that were only briefly mentioned.

I started my second day off with a nice long walk to Summerhall. On the way, a guy was out front of a cafe handing out fliers for his poetry reading, and because I wanted to take as best advantage of Fringe as I could, I stopped in to check it out. Unlike the improv show the day before, this was really good. The reading was in the basement of the cafe with just a handful of people, nice and intimate. The poet's name was Ben Ray and not only was his poetry good, but his reading of it was light and entertaining.

From the poetry reading, I made my way to the start of another guided tour. This was a tour of Edinburgh Castle. The tour included the obvious history and a nice overview of things at the castle. I absolutely got more out of my time in the castle than I would have without a guided tour. Afterwards, I hung around a bit to explore before heading out to go meet my running partner for our run.    After my run, but before the pub crawl, I stopped in for one more show. This was again at The Caves at Just the Tonic. This show was called Tracey Tracey and was a one woman tragi-comedy by Nicola Cross. This show was super weird, but highly entertaining with just a bit of crowd interaction. I enjoyed it a lot. 
For just two days in the city, I feel like I really packed a lot in. I was non-stop running from thing to thing and on the go without much rest. I really wish I had had more time to go to more Fringe shows. I ended the weekend there with probably three dozen fliers for shows, a good half of which I'd have liked to have seen.

I will absolutely have to go back for longer some tine in the future.

Below are my check-ins on Swarm. Some of them aren’t places I went _into_, but instead were just places I was at or walked by. Some places I was just stealing wifi or using a bathroom. And some, I checked in multiple times as I passed them more than once.   When I first went to London in 2009, I really loved it. I’ve been wanting to go back ever since so it was at the top of my list of destinations for this trip. 
I stayed in London for two full days and two half days (one was like 3/4 of a day, tbh). It was three nights in my Airbnb in Pimlico. The Airbnb was a really nice place, definitely the nicest of my whole trip. The owner lived there and rented out three rooms on Airbnb.

Upon entering for the first time, I was immediately greeted by an incredibly friendly cat named Nala (not sure on the spelling). She came right up to me and immediately started rubbing on me and crying for attention. I knew this would be a good place to stay based solely on this cat. There was also a second cat that was a little less outgoing and needy. Nala, though, oh boy did Nala crave attention. She’d run up in front of you and block you from walking through the house until you pet her. 
My room was a small one that was actually _under_ the sidewalk. Though, this was the same level with the kitchen and the walk out to the backyard so it wasn’t really a basement room. The room was more than fine for my needs, though.

Also staying at the Airbnb was an Australian woman named Greta. She was there my entire stay and we had a few really nice conversations over tea while relaxing at the end of the day. Incidentally, we also overlapped time while in Reykjavik, but we didn’t end up meeting up—though, we did connect on Facebook.

The location of the Airbnb was pretty decent and relatively central to a lot of things in London, but did require taking the London Underground to get to a lot of places. Though, that really was a non-issue as the Underground is fantastic and makes NYC’s MTA look like ameteur hour. The Underground is clean, efficient, and runs frequently. 
While in London, I did two runs, which is what I had on the schedule, but they were for 7 and 5 miles and I, instead, did two 10k runs and shifted the days. It worked out in the end, but not exactly as planned.

The first run was along the River Thames from Pimlico up to Millenium Bridge, across the bridge, and then back. It was great weather for a run and there were a ton of other runners out. _Many_ runners were out with backpacks while I was in London. It seems like run commuting is very popular there!  My second run was a bit more of a sloppier route. I had mapped something out, but it was a bit hard to follow based on memory so I just when with the gist of the idea. This run was through St James Park, around the lake, past Buckingham Palace, over to Hyde Park, around the lake there, and then back. This run was a little earlier in the AM so it was a nice peaceful route without many tourists out.  While the England isn’t exactly known for its food, I do love me some fish and chips. So right after I dropped my bag off at my Airbnb, I set out for fish and chips. I ended up at The Sherlock Holmes which was near the touristy area in Westminster, but it seemed like there were a few locals there and it wasn’t a complete tourist trap of a place. The fish and chips were good and so was the beer!

My second day, I had lunch at Itsu, which is like a sushi and noodle chain “fast food” type place. My soup was very flavorful! For dinner, I had curry at the Brick Lane Brasserie. There was no way I wasn’t going to get curry on Brick Lane! Because I had idea which of the many places there to pick and they all had similar ratings, I just picked one at random. It also helped that a tour guide I had earlier in the day said “it doesn’t matter, they’re all good. You can’t go wrong.” My food was spicy and delicious! I finished it off with hot chocolate from Dark Sugars, right up the block.  Breakfast the next day was a pulled pork and mac and cheese amazingness from Borough Market. I followed that up with a doughnut from another stand and then a late morning beer at the Southwark Tavern. The best part of this morning was spending some time with my friend and former Tumblr coworker, Malika!  

For dinner, I had a delicious burger and fries from CASK Pub and Kitchen.

On my last morning in London, I had one goal and that was to make sure I didn’t leave the city without having a proper pie. Another former Tumblr coworker (who is English) had been stressing to me how good the pies are so I had to do it. I went back to Borough Market and hit up Pieminister for a steak pie. It was out of this world good. I mean, fuck, that thing was good. Pies are good. 
Lunch was at The Fence with Malika and one of her friends from when she studied abroad in London. We ate in this cute little shed in the backyard there. It was pretty neat!

For dinner, I just had a burrito from Benito’s Hat in King’s Cross Station. I was worried about not making it to the station in time for my train so I made that my first priority and then just got food from there.

Throughout my time in London, I drank a whole mess of flat whites. Regular coffee isn’t really a big thing there, everyone drinks espresso drinks. I love cappuccinos and lattes, but I decided I’d change things up a bit with some flat whites. 
As you’ll see from these posts, I’m a big fan of taking walking tours to learn more about cities. They’re a great way to see a lot and learn a lot about the history and cutlure of a city. They tend to give you a lot of highlights and then you can go back later to explore more, if you want. Plus, I just like walking a lot. 
My first day there, I did the SANDEMANs free walking tour with John. He was very British in his sense of humor, which I enjoy a lot. This was a great and fun tour that took us all over Westminster and all of the things to see there.

That evening, I did a Jack the Ripper tour from London Walks. This was utterly fascinating. I learned so much about Jack the Ripper that I had no idea about before. This tour took us around to all of the places of importance to the Jack the Ripper story and provided a lot of context for each. When I was in London in 2009, I did a self-guided Jack the Ripper tour following a guide I had found online, but compared to this, that was a waste of time.

The following day, I did SANDEMANs Alternative Tour with Trevor. This tour was based almost entirely around exploring the street art in Shoreditch. It’s everywhere and there is so much of it! Trevor told us about some of the artists and told us about the culture. He also showed us an original Banksy. This tour ended at Brick Lane which went nicely into my dinner that night.    

One other tour I did while in London was a Doctor Who walking tour! This was so good! We toured a bunch of filming locations and things from the show, mostly from new Who, but a little bit from classic Who as well. Our guide was Craig and he was fantastic and super nerdy about Doctor Who. I loved it! After the tour, I rushed on over to the police box in Earls Court before catching my train to round out my Doctor Who experience for the day.  

Aside from the guided tours, I did a lot on my own as well. I didn’t do Westminster Abbey or a few of the other more obvious tourist things since I’ve done them before. I mostly tried to stick with things I hadn’t done before. I walked through Old Spitalfields Market, explored the Churchill War Rooms, did _one_ floor of the Imperial War Museum (I had limited time 😕), walked through a little bit of Tate Modern (I’d been there before so I just did a few rooms), found Hodge the Cat because cat, closed out the London Transport Museum, and walked through Piccadilly Circus.   
Overall, I really packed my time in London. I didn’t do much in the way of nightlife type stuff, but I did hit a few pubs and that’s what matters!

Below are my check-ins on Swarm. Some of them aren’t places I went into, but instead were just places I was at. Some places I was just stealing wifi or using a bathroom.   

As anyone who follows me on social media has been able to tell, I took a little trip recently. After I was laid off from my job, I knew I needed to take advantage of having a little bit of time and having received a generous severance package. So, enter a two-week solo trip to Europe!

My itinerary was London, Edinburgh, Berlin, and Reykjavik, in that order. Two cities I've been to, two I haven't. And my first backpacking trip. I was super excited! 
Planning was highly stressful and a lot of work. Normally, my wife and I travel together which means we can split some of the planning. She typically handles figuring out where we'll eat. I typically handle travel and accommodations. Activities are a joint effort. Doing a solo trip meant it was all on me to figure out. Not only was it all on me, but I only planned the trip about five weeks ahead of time. And, of course, most of my time in those five weeks was taken up with job interviews and such. So there was a lot to plan with not much time to do it.

The first thing I did was pull up every list of half marathons in Europe in late-July and August. Because of course I'd be running a race on this trip. Of course! Because it's summer, there weren’t many in the major cities.

I had a rough list of cities I was considering for this trip so was able to match up the races I found with the cities I wanted to travel to. This left me with either Berlin or Reykjavik, both on the same weekend. If I could have done both, I would have, but without at least a full day between them, it wouldn't have been possible pull off without race day packet pick up.

I ended up going with the Reykjavik Half Marathon between the two. I enter the Berlin Marathon lottery every year so sooner or later, I'll be running a race in Berlin anyway. (Spoiler: after the trip, I feel like I need to go back to Reykjavik to run the full marathon some time.)

With that decided, I knew Reykjavik would be the last leg of my trip. Given geography, it had to be either first or last and with the race being August 19th ending there was the only real option.

At this point, I opened up Kayak and Google Flights and just started trying out different flight options and moving cities and dates around to see what happened. Given that train travel costs don't vary the way flights do, I knew it would be the flights that would decide things. This is how I ended up with my exact cities, dates, and order. 
After finding a few flight itineraries that felt reasonable, it was time to pull up Airbnb. I didn't want to do straight up hotels, but I also don't feel comfortable with staying in hostels as a trans women. Having been to London and Berlin before, I already knew roughly where I wanted to stay in the city so it was easy to find a few options there. A few Google searches helped me figure out what parts of Edinburgh and Reykjavik to stay in. Edinburgh Airbnbs were surprisingly expensive, but I later found out why (look for my Edinburgh post for that).

Eventually, I found the right combo of everything that fit a reasonable amount of money to spend and started booking stuff. Once I started, I flew through the bookings and did it as quickly as possible to make sure nothing filled up while I was in the process of booking (which did happen for one of the Airbnbs I had picked).

With flights and accommodations done, I just had to add train travel from London to Edinburgh, but that was quick and easy. I now had four flights, one train ticket, and four Airbnbs booked.

Next, I focused on the whole backpacking thing. I'd never done this before, I'd always taken a regular suitcase traveling with me so I wanted to spend some time reading tips and advice for doing this successfully. The Savvy Backpacker was great for this!

With some research done, I started making purchases—many of which I agonized over which options to go with. I bought a new backpack that was just a bit bigger than the largest one I had. I also got a ton of packing cubes—holy shit, why have I never actually used these before, they're a game changer! I also got a bunch of little things like a travel umbrella, a packable day backpack (I already had packable bags, but not a backpack), TSA locks (I usually don't bother locking my suitcases because if someone wants in, they'll get in, but the locks were more for when I'd be walking around with my bag on my back), and a travel towel (just in case, since I wouldn't be in hotels). We travel a few times a year, but this was the first time I had to _really_ think about each and every thing I was bringing with me. 
Finally, I started actually looking at what I'd be doing in each place. I'm terrible with this part of planning trips and always leave it to a few days before I go. In London and Berlin, there were some things I already knew I wanted to do, either because I liked them a lot previously or because I didn't get to do them when I was there last. Still, I Googled for a lot of articles about traveling to all four cities and asked on Twitter and Facebook for recommendations. And I heavily scoured my friend Ashlea's blog A Globe Well Traveled.

With lists of stuff to see, places to eat, and things to do, I got to work plotting where things were on the map and figuring out what I could logistically fit in. I booked all my tours ahead of time, and there were a lot of them), and added everything else to both Google saved places and Foursquare lists. I downloaded each city for offline use on Google Maps and Google Trips even though I knew I’d have data on my phone thanks to a T-Mobile plan that includes (_very_) slow international data for free.

I made rough itineraries for each day in my Google Calendar, but I didn't want to get too serious about them because things _never_ go according to plan and you don't usually know how long most things will take. Tours and things that were booked in advance were easy to put on my calendar and I just filled in spaces between them with the things that seemed most interesting to me while keeping everything else on my list easily accessible while on the go. 
Lastly, I had to make a meticulous packing list. I'm always a last-minute packer, but I make up for it with detailed packing lists so I can just grab stuff and throw it in a bag. Needing to pack as light as possible meant having to really think about every single item. I only brought stuff I _knew_ I would need or wouldn't make sense to buy while on go. I looked at weather forecasts and packed as much versatile clothing as possible. Layers that could be reused and combined (especially necessary for Iceland) were a big key. With the exception of one dress and one romper, all of my clothes were picked out so that anything would match with anything.

This part actually wouldn't have been hard at all if not for needing my dilators, needing warmer layers and hiking shoes for Iceland, and being a runner. I knew I'd be able to do laundry in every Airbnb I booked so I packed with that in mind. I really only packed five-ish days of clothes (with extra underwear and socks). Running stuff, I packed the bare minimum with the plan of being able to wear each of my two pairs of shorts and two sports bras twice before washing. Still, needing walking, running, and hiking shoes is what killed me the most. The running shoes were obviously non-negotiable, considering I had 10 runs planned during my trip. And the glacier tour in Iceland required hiking shoes so those were non-negotiable as well. As for my walking shoes, I like to explore places on foot and it’s not abnormal for me to walk 10-15 miles a day while traveling. Good shoes are a must. 
I debated bringing my DSLR at all and, if so, which lens/lenses to bring. I have a Canon 6D which is more on the professional end of things and weighs a ton compared to smaller DSLRs that are more common. I decided I’d really hate myself if I didn’t bring it, but compromised by only bringing a 50mm lens, the smallest and lightest lens I own. Of course, the focus ring on my lens got jammed on the first leg of my trip and I couldn’t fix while on the go so I spent most of my trip lugging around a heavy camera that I couldn’t use.

I think that about covers planning stuff. I’ll be, hopefully, writing up posts recapping each city for next week!

I'm still working on a series of blog posts about my recent trip to Europe, but I wanted to do a separate race recap for the Reykjavik half marathon, soooooo here we go!

This race entered my world when I was planning my Europe trip and it fell within the dates I was traveling. I knew I wanted to do a half marathon while abroad, but wasn't sure which city I'd end up doing it in. In the end, it came down to Reykjavik or Berlin. Since I hope to eventually get into the Berlin Marathon lottery, I figured I should opt for a city with fewer chances for me to race in.

Somehow, this was also my first ever international race which added a nice extra bit of excitement. 
The race started Saturday morning at 8:40am and I landed in Iceland at nearly midnight on Thursday night. By the time I got to my Airbnb and to bed, it was just about 2am. This was on top of having been traveling for a week and a half at this point and logging between 15-25 miles on my feet every day between running and sightseeing. My legs were going to be exhausted and there wasn't anything I could do about it, but I knew what I was getting myself into when I registered for the race.

After doing a couple of stops on my sightseeing list for Reykjavik city on Friday, I made my way over to the race expo. The expo was like pretty much any other race expo; a lot of people and a bunch of brands giving out the same kind of stuff as any other expo. The only difference was it was mostly different brands than I'm used to.

I got my bib and timing chip (yes, a separate timing chip to tie on your shoe), grabbed my shirt, and then did a lap around. I took a bunch of the beverage samples and then made my way for the exit. I'm not a big race expo person. I like to do a lap and see what's there, but I don't typically buy things or like to stay long.

The timing chip was one of the plastic reusable ones you tie onto you shoe like we used to use in the US before B-tags became the standard.

I threw my stuff in my backpack and then continued with my sightseeing. I also had booked a beer tasting for that night. 🙃 I wanted to do it after the race, rather than the night before, but the scheduling didn't really work out with some of the other things I wanted to do. So, yeah, I did a 🍺 tasting the night before.

The tasting was at Ölgerðin Egils Skallagrímsson, Iceland's oldest brewery. I expected it to be like normal tastings where you get little samples of a few beers and that's it. No, this was different. As soon as you walk in, they hand you a pint and that glass is _never_ empty, they just keep refilling it every time you get to the bottom. And then you get to try a ton of their other beers. This was the most beer I've ever had on a "beer tasting" / "brewery tour" before. It was good, but not ideal the night before a half marathon

After the tasting, I got a couple of Iceland's famous hot dogs from Bæjarins Beztu Pylsu and hit the bed. I didn't even set anything out before going to bed. I just crashed.

In the morning, I woke up, threw on my running clothes and made for the door as quickly as possible. I didn't have to worry about not setting out my clothes the night before because I really didn't have a lot of options with me.

I had 17 miles on my schedule for the day so I did an easy 4-mile warmup along the water and part of the course and then ended right at the start. 
The race started right on time and without a lot of fanfare. The 10k, half marathon, and marathon all started at the same time which made for some crowding, but it wasn't too bad. There were people standing on the corrals holding up pace signs, but they were in minutes/kilometers and none of the Americans knew how to translate that. Luckily, I have an app on my phone that does all kinds of pace related calculations so it was easy for me to find where to be. 
There was no national anthem before the race which made the start all the more unassuming for those of us used to it. They frequently gave warnings for how much time was left, but when the start gun went off, there was no immediate countdown or anything. Not that it matters for anyone not right in the front. 
I had lined up to run around a 1:50 finish. I knew I had tired legs and I'd be doing a glacier hike the next day so I didn't want to push myself. The start was crowded, but I stayed with the pacers for about a mile.

Then, I got antsy.

My legs wanted to gooooooooooo. I started weaving my way up through the crowd. My first mile was an 8:25, but it was my only one over 8 minutes. I was surprised how much my legs were wanting to go, I was feeling good.

Through the first few miles, I just tried not to get too ahead of myself and to enjoy the scenery of such a beautiful city. For the most part, each mile was quicker than the last, but still comfortable.

The weather was cool, about 47º, and sunny with a light breeze, great running weather. I was sweating, but not dripping. I know my body well enough to know I didn't need to take any water during the race under those conditions. So, I didn't bother with any of the stops.

The course was pretty flat until the final third of the race. By this point, I had let my body go with whatever pace felt right and I started dropping into the 7:30s for the middle third. By the last third, I was even faster. I was surprised I had it in me, but I went with it.

The hills in the last third were of no concern for my legs. If anything, I sped up on them. Mile 11 was a 7:15 and then 12 and 13 dropped into the 6:50s. I hadn't run miles that fast in...I don't even know. That's nearly PR 5k for me these days, but these miles felt great on my legs. I wasn't even breathing hard until the final 2/3 of a mile.

From my run the day before and my warm up, I had a pretty good idea of the course in second half so I was able to mentally keep my game on for them and know what was coming up.

As we got to the final few turns, I was finally feeling it. I knew 6:50s weren't really a sustainable pace for me late in a half marathon, but I did know my legs would just about be able to outlast the course so decided to hang on instead of easing back off a little.

Finally, I came around the final turn and saw the finish. I out-kicked a woman on my left and then a man just in front of her saw me coming and kicked much harder than I had left in me. I cruised across the finish line at 1:40:01. Very happy with my time, but annoyed I didn't sneak in under 1:40. Still, this was only 21 seconds slower than my PR and it was sort of...easy? I can't complain! 
I grabbed my medal and smiled at my first international medal. It was a small and unassuming medal, which I actually like. I don't need big giant medals. I grabbed some Powerade and water and then looked for food and heat sheets. There were neither. This was a bit surprising to me. By now, the temperature was still only 54º so heat sheets were necessary, but there were non. Boo! There was also no food to be had which seemed to be not a good idea considering there was also a marathon running as well. But, the finish is down a main street in downtown Reykjavik so it was easy to pop into a place and get some food. 
My fresh danish was probably better than anything they would have given out anyway.

I didn't hang around long because I needed to go shower, rent a car, and get on with my day. I had booked time at the Secret Lagoon, one of Iceland's hot springs. It was just the thing for after 17 total miles of running!

All-in-all, I really enjoyed this race! It was fun and the city is beautiful. I'm hoping to go back for the marathon some time in the next few years.

Two years ago, Grandma’s Marathon, a point-to-point race along Lake Superior ending in Duluth, MN was a goal race for me. I worked my ass off in training and was feeling confident for a good race. Then three weeks before the race, everything started to fall apart. Long story short, I did not end up running race…despite going out there to cheer anyway.

This year, Grandma’s Marathon again became a goal race for me. I put together a training plan I was very excited about that included _many_ half marathons incorporated into my long runs. Unfortunately, little went according to plan. I still ran five half marathons, three 10ks, and a 5-mile race, but I spent much of the last three months dealing with a _really_ frustrating hip injury. Thanks to that injury, I ended up with hardly any training—as seen below in those screenshots that are sized way too small to actually read 🤷‍.  

I knew going into the weekend I should have the ability to get to the finish line. I expected it to be a shitshow, but this isn’t my first rodeo and I’ve been unprepared for marathons before—hello, almost every time I run Goofy Challenge. 
Grandma’s is a Saturday race so I flew out on Thursday to give myself a little time to not rush before the race. I flew into Minneapolis-St Paul which left me a two and a half hour drive to get to Duluth. Everything for my travel was entirely uneventful and I showed up at the hotel with plenty of time to check in, relax for a bit, and then walk over to the expo. The expo was pretty dead when I got there and I was able to get my stuff right away, do a quick lap, and get out.

Unfortunately, I’m two for two at crying at the Grandma’s expo now. Two years ago, I was crying over my DNS, this year I was crying over being laid off literally the day before. Oh well, shit happens. I’m fine (for real). 
Friday was an easy chill day. I hung out at a coffee shop for a bit to get some stuff done, walked around downtown and the finish area, did a shakeout run with my friend Sophie, watched Kara Goucher speak, and then grabbed dinner with my friend Kimmie. It was a nice day and just what I needed to get my spirits back up and accept my layoff. I spent most of the day with a big smile on my face.  

Since Sophie’s hotel was still back in Minneapolis, I offered to let her crash in my room the night before. We woke up around 5am, threw our clothes on, and walked over to the buses to the start. We had hoped to make the train, but it seemed as though we ended up being a few minutes too late for that so we hopped on one of the school buses.

The ride over was relaxed and Sophie got to experience pre-marathon Amelia who doesn’t like marathons. Like, let me tell you, in the week before marathons leading right up to the starting gun, I _hate_ the marathon. Hate it. Hate it. Hate it. And I'm miserable to be around because all I do is complain about it. 
We got to the starting area very early. The temperature was cool, but with some humidity. At points, there were sprinkles, but not much. The forecast called for rain around noon, but clear skies during most of the race.

Anyway, after hitting the porta-potties and checking our bags, we split up. Sophie was going for a BQ so she seeded herself a bit ahead of where I did since I was planning on taking it nice and easy. I was surprised the start corral was entirely self-seeded. It’s not a _massive_ race, but it’s still 8,700 runners. I expected there to be some sort of predefined corrals. For the most part, everyone seeded themselves according to the pacers in the corrals. I lined up right next to the 3:45 pacers. I had planned to run a 3:50, but there was no pacer that and I was confident I could hang at 3:45 even without much training. But as the corrals filled and we got walked up, I ended up quite a bit in front of the pacers before the race started. Honestly, I don't know why I even bother. I haven't actually run with a pace group for a marathon in nearly four years.

The wait in the corral seemed like it was ages and I was antsy to get the shitshow on the road. Eventually, with little fanfare, we were off! 
I didn’t have a solid race plan other than to just keep it steady and easy early on. I started off extra slow trying to let the 3:45 pace group catch up to me. It took a while, but they finally did…only to have me drop them again pretty quickly after that. As I fell into my natural rhythm, I noticed I was running quite a bit faster than planned, but my effort was really easy. Because I run by effort, I trusted the feel over any numbers. Though, I had my watch switched to manual lapping so my mile splits were exact to the mile markers instead of whatever GPS approximation I was going to get from my Garmin. This at least allowed me to keep a read on what my feel was translating to. I only ever check my watch on the mile, never in between.

Even though my effort was very low, my legs didn’t feel great. It wasn’t a feeling of them being worked, but more just them not wanting to be running at all. I know my body well enough to know not to worry about that feeling so I did my best to ignore it. However, I did check in on my heart rate regularly. Even though I was running by feel, I wanted that information available to me. Through the first half of the race, I was 147-151 which is nice and low.

While it was cool _before_ the race, the sun was now out and it was warming up quickly. The temperature was much higher than I’d prefer for a marathon. When I could, I favored the left side of the road which had off-and-on shade, only breaking from that to hit the tangents around right turns. The race has _very_ few turns, but there are a lot of curves in the road.

Crowd support was rather light. There would be some groups of people cheering when we’d pass by a lodge or something on the side of the road, but mostly it was a very quiet first half.

The few times I had looked at the elevation chart, it looked like it was relatively flat race with a 100ft net downhill. I guess I didn’t look close enough at the scale, though, because I was surprised to find the course is pretty much rolling hills the entire time. There aren’t really any big climbs, but you’re rarely running flat. Some runners enjoy this variation, but most of my miles are logged on very flat routes so I’m not in the kind of hill shape I used to be. I was glad I had run the hills in Central Park the last three weekends before the race. At least that was something.

Anyway, I kept my effort very even though the first half of the race, but if you look at my splits, there is a lot variation from the hills. I didn’t increase or decrease my effort while going up or down, I just kept doing what I was doing.

As we approached the halfway mark, there were more and more people cheering. Because there is also a half marathon that starts at the 13.1 point, the set up was still there and I guess people hung around to cheer. This was a nice little boost.

I crossed the half at 1:49:42.  Checking in with my body at the halfway point, I was liking how I was feeling. I felt like I should have a negative split in the cards if I kept up what I was doing. However, it was getting _quite_ warm. I had been sweating pretty heavily for most of the race already and while I was taking water at most stops, I wasn’t getting that much down.

The next few miles ticked off like nothing while I kept things steady. My heart rate eventually started creeping into the upper 150s, but nothing I was worried about.

By mile 17, I was in the best of moods. I had a big smile on my face and just couldn’t stop thinking about how much I love the marathon. This kept up through most of mile 19. That mile was a pretty big downhill and my second fastest mile of the race. By this point I had stopped worrying too much about my effort level and let it creep up a little when it felt right.

The reason why I say “most of mile 19” up there is because things changed pretty quickly for me. Before I even got to the mile marker, I went from “aw haww” to “oooohhhhh noooooo.” Things started feeling harder and I was no longer having such an easy time. I was still okay, but I knew it wouldn’t be a fun seven miles to the finish. My biggest problem was the dehydration must have started setting in because I started getting nauseous. I would end up dealing with this nausea to different degrees for the remainder of the race.

The one plus side here, though, was that we had started to make it into town and there were people out cheering and playing music. As I crossed the 20th mile marker, I knew I was good to make it to the finish, but that I wouldn’t be enjoying the last 10k. I just said to myself “it’s basically just one lap around Central Park..._without_ Harlem Hill.”

Miles 21 and 22 felt fooooorever long. I was still keeping a pretty reasonable pace, but I felt like I was going slower. The 22nd mile marker was at the base of basically the last climb of any decent length. When I saw the hill coming, I knew I was going to be struggling to get up it so, as soon as I hit it, I switched into a strong arm swing to power myself up. I think it was about 80% my arms that got me up there. That and seeing Kimmie cheering and .

Crossing the 23rd mile marker, I slightly lied to myself and said “okay, just a 5k to go.” I didn’t worry too much about that other .1. We were starting to get closer to downtown Duluth, where I had cheered two years ago. This was the part I knew I needed to get to. I knew the energy there would bring me in. By now, I was starting to actually slow down. My legs were tired and my nausea was…not great. There were a couple points where I thought I was going to have to stop and puke. I tried not to think about it too much. 
As we made our way down Superior in downtown, I stuck as far left as I could to stay in what remaining shade I could find. The crowd was _very_ loud and the buildings helped to really echo the sound. It was extremely encouraging. When I finally saw the 25th marker coming up, I knew I was getting close. I knew didn’t have to dig in for much longer.

I also knew at that marker, there was a left turn and the last tiny hill up an overpass. Once we were over that, it was flat to the finish. I had nothing left to push with because of my nausea, but I also knew my time was good and I was probably going to pull off a negative split and a sub-3:40 finish. I was pretty stoked about that, but more stoked by the idea of being done.

We hooked around the convention center and along the harbor and finally made our last turn. As I saw the finish line come into view, I was so happy to be there, but it felt so far away.

After what felt like years, I finally crossed the finish looking better than I felt, at least according to my finish video.

A 3:38:55 was good enough for a negative split and my second fastest marathon time since transitioning. 
My legs felt completely trashed and all I wanted was to drink everything in sight. I think I looked like I had fallen in a pool, I was so sweaty. I walked around to try to keep my legs moving and grabbed my free beer. I ended up gulping it down pretty quickly so I could start walking back to the hotel. I made sure to walk along the course as much as possible so I could cheer while walking. As I walked more, my legs started to loosen back up a bit at least. 
I’m really glad to have actually run the race after my DNS two years ago. I ran a pretty solid race even though I was struggling the last few miles. I think this makes five straight marathons I’ve negative split which is pretty rad. Though, that said, my splits this race were super duper erratic. I don’t think I’ve ever had such erratic splits during a race before…or even in a training run. I tend to be steady with an overall negative trend. In this race, I was all over the place, up and down. It’s not a thing I was worrying much about during the race or am worried about now. I know my effort was pretty even through the first 18-19 miles and the variations were due to the hills each mile. It’s just strange. 
I really like Duluth as a city. It’s charming and quaint and everyone is very friendly. It feels like it could be the 8th town in Nightmare Before Christmas, Marathon Town. It feels like this is something they’re preparing for all year and the people really love the event. The race is well organized while maintaining a very personal and small-town feel. It’s a good vibe. The crowd support for the first 3/4 of the race is light, but there was plenty later on when it mattered.

I’m happy to have marathon number 11 in the books and I’m grateful to have had a decent race considering the last three months. And that brings me to my hip... Notice how I didn’t mention it during the race? Yeah, it wasn’t a thing, really. I’d say there were _maybe_ five to ten total minutes added up through the race when I even felt it at all. I was staying very focused on my breathing and that was doing the trick. Those little bits when I did feel something, and we’re talking like a 1 out of 10, were when I had stopped breathing properly.
The marathon! Not only is the marathon my favorite race distance, but the Walt Disney World Marathon is one of my favorite courses and easily the most magical of them all! 
I set out my clothes and got to bed nice and early for the marathon. I’m pretty sure that even with my 3:25am wake-up, I still got seven hours of sleep. Pretty good! I would have probably gotten even more if I didn’t spend forever the night before worrying about what to wear.

This year’s race was _cold_. Okay, not cold for someone who lives in New Jersey, but cold for a race in Florida. The starting temperature was around 38º with 15-20mph wind. At home, this isn’t really that bad. In fact, with a race temperature that was predicted to be around 40-44º for most of the race, this is just about perfect racing conditions to me. Minus that wind, of course.

But, this wasn’t home. I wasn’t just walking out my front door and taking off like I normally do when I run in the cold. I had to wait around in that cold for the race to start. This is bad enough for most races, but runDisney races are exceptionally bad with how long you have to wait before the race. First, you have to deal with taking a bus to the starting area which means waiting for that and leaving extra time, _just in case_. Then you have to walk close to half a mile from the bus to the staging area with the bag check. THEN it’s another 20ish-minute walk to the corrals. Add in leaving time to hit a porta-potty, meet up with friends, and get into the corrals before they close without having a close call—like I did for the 5k—and you’re talking 60-90 minutes of being outside before the race. Not bad when the weather is nice, but brutal when it’s cold.

After a lot of back and forth regarding shorts vs crop tights and short sleeves vs long sleeves and throwaway arm warmers vs real arm warmers, I opted for Oiselle Distance Shorts (basically my standard issue marathon shorts), my Chicago Marathon short sleeve shirt, and Oiselle lux arm warmers as my race outfit. Prior to the race, I kept on a pair of loose joggers, the cotton t-shirt from the Disney 5k, the Dopey Challenge long sleeve we got this year, and a couple mylar heat sheets (one as a skirt, one for my top). 
When my alarm went off, I was surprisingly awake and ready to get up and go. I gobbled down a Clif bar and drank some water, but I was trying to be conservative with how much I drank. I know hydration is important even when it’s cold out, but I also knew I wouldn’t want to be dealing with hitting porta-potties any more than I needed to in the cold. I quickly got dressed and Ellen and I headed out to catch the bus. Luckily, there was one waiting for us and we were able to get right on without waiting out in the cold! The ride was quick and so was the walk to the staging area. There was only a short line to get through bag check. It was cold, but it didn’t yet feel _super_ cold.

We hit up the standard We Are Awesome Runner Friends meeting spot and chatted it up with the group. Everyone was cold, especially Nathan who lives right near Disney and isn’t used to the cold at all. Our friend Lauren came by to visit for a minute so we could get our group photo, but then she went back to the heated VIP tent like some kinda jerk! *insert me pouting here*

Eventually, it was time to check our bags and move out. When I pulled my joggers off, I literally screamed as the cold touched my bare legs. It was not pleasant! I quickly got my mylar heat sheets all tied around me and dropped my bag off. The walk to the starting area was the standard runDisney affair and all I could think about was hours from then when I was nice and warm again. Though, I did question if I’d ever be warm again. We were lucky to find some short lines for the porta-potties and took care of business—I must say, this was a minor feat in itself with all of the heat sheets and layering to deal with.

I got into the corral with plenty of time to stand and wait around. I just did my best to stay huddled up with myself. For some reason, Disney put me in corral E which isn’t really where I belong. I hate saying that and sounding like I actually care or think it matters or compare myself to other runners (I _really_ don’t), but I was corral C last year and the time I gave was within the corral C range (and faster than the one I gave for last year). Plus, I’m a 3:28 marathoner. Still, I didn’t care _too_ much since I wasn’t planning on _racing_. In fact, starting in corral E probably matched up much more with my plan to run just around a 4-hour marathon. 
Anyway, time flew by pretty quickly and it was time to go before I knew it! Which was good because I was violently shivering! While I had seriously debated if I could actually run while keeping the heat sheets tied around me, I ditched them as the corral before us got going. The announcers said they might interfere with the timing mat and I knew they’d just annoy my anyway. Some runners did start with them on though! They looked hilarious while actually running! 
The corrals ahead of us went quickly and there were no mini waves so the corrals to off started with little delay between them. Amazingly, the moment I started running, I forgot about the cold and was _totally_ fine. In fact, from race start to finish, the weather was a _complete_ non-issue for me. It was basically perfect.

I started things off easy and focused on keeping myself steady. My plan to stay just under 4:00 meant my target pace was around 9:09.

I clocked in my first mile at 8:57. A tad faster than I planned, but not too shabby at all. The important thing was to just stay controlled in this first mile and set a good tone for the race going forward. Just past the first mile marker, I ripped my throwaway shirt off Hulk Hogan style. Just tore it right down the front like a total badass! We can ignore the fact that I had pre-cut the neck to make the hole bigger and easier to take off during my run.

Most of the way to Magic Kingdom was quiet and uneventful. I think runners were still pretty cold and the cheer sections on the highway were a less filled than normal. One thing I noticed was the lines for photos were really short. This was a trend that continued the entire race and, after the first two or three of them, they were never more than five or six people deep—most were like _maybe_ one runner. This was shocking to me. It was cold out, which I suspect was a big reason for it, but with the half marathon having been canceled, I’d have expected Dopey and Goofy runners to be upping their photo game. I didn’t stop for any of these early photos myself, though.

As we passed the fourth mile marker, my pace was pretty steady. My legs were okay, but not as good as I would’ve liked (pretty sure I say this in every marathon recap I do). The section right around here is where the second big cheer section is (if you include the one on the highway going into the Magic Kingdom) and it was fantastic! The cold did _not_ keep people from being out here and getting their NOISE on! It was such a nice surprise to see these amazing people out there.

Just after we sailed through this cheer section, I stopped at a bank of porta-potties for a quick pee-pee break. When I came out, I took a moment to take off my long sleeve top and neatly tie it around my waist nice and tight before I started running again. This made for a longer stop than planned, but it beat having to pull it off and tie it while running. It also meant less risk of losing a headband or something in the process.

Once I started moving again, I still felt like I had to pee. I felt this the entire race. I knew I didn’t have to, but I never stopped feeling like I had to pee. Ugh!

As we made our way past the 5th mile marker and into Magic Kingdom, I couldn’t believe how quickly it felt like this had come up. Main Street U.S.A. was packed and loud, just like always! So much excite! I didn’t stop for any selfies here like I usually do because I wanted to just focus on my running. But as we came through Tomorrowland, I saw Buzz Lightyear with only a short line waiting for him. I hopped in line and then he promptly walked away. WTF BUZZ! I decided not to wait for him, but I did see Patrick as I took off to leave again. Just a little ways up, I made up for it with a photo with Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum. 
Then it was through Fantasyland, both new and old, and Cinderella’s Castle—I stopped for a photo, of course. Coming through Frontierland, I stopped for a quick shot with one of the Country Bears and then got back into my rhythm as we passed the 10k marker.  By this point, I had only taken water once. I knew it was important, but I didn’t want to risk spilling it all over my face or getting my gloves wet with the temperature where it was. I know my body and knew I went to bed hydrated so I kept my water breaks to about three throughout the course of the race. Instead, I used the water breaks to thank all of the volunteers for being out there. 
Through the first 10k of the race, I had lost just about 3.5 minutes to my pee break and photos. Hardly anything for a Disney race! 
The section between the two Kingdoms is always a tough part of the race. It’s nearly 10k and, unlike the section between Animal Kingdom and ESPN, you’re still early in the race and needing to stay controlled.

I stopped for a few photos along here with the characters that were out. There were no lines so it hardly cost me any time at all. 
My mile splits were a little erratic through this section of the course as I fought with my body wanting to pick it up a little and my brain knowing I shouldn’t, especially since my legs were feeling tired already. I was nice and warmed up and started pulling my arm warmers down. I wanted to pull them off completely, but I was afraid I'd need them after Animal Kingdom while on the highway with nothing blocking the wind—I tried to figure out which way the wind would be blowing there and thought it would be a headwind. My fear with pulling them off is that they'd be a pain to pull back on when I needed them again. So I just left them pulled down to my forearms.

There used to be a section of the course here that lapped around the Disney World Speedway, but the Speedway doesn’t exist anymore. Last year, there was a new out-and-back section added around mile 11. It was a boring stretch of plain road just to even out the miles a bit. This year, the out-and-back was in the same place but went out farther than last year. I wasn’t surprised by this when we hit it, though. I knew there would have to be some section to make up for the changes in Hollywood Studios caused by the construction of Star Wars Land (I really hope they don’t call it Star Wars Land when it’s done). The weird thing about this though was, from mile 11 on, all the mile markers were moved from where they previously were the last few years. It wasn’t a lot, but up until the 23rd one, they all came up a little sooner on the course than before. It was actually a nice surprise at times.

Anyway, the section between the two Kingdoms flew by way faster than it ever seemed to before. Maybe it’s my growing experience with this race (5th time running it), who knows? My only complaint here was the RV hillbillies that I always loved to take photos with were gone. Instead, they were replaced with a couple of hippies with an RV. Not the same!

Sadly, the animals that are typically out as you approach Animal Kingdom were MIA this year. My guess is it was just too cold for them. This was disappointing, but understandable! We made our way into Animal Kingdom and through Africa and Asia. Asia was nice this year with the construction fencing from last year being gone now.

We hit the halfway mark and I checked in with my watch. 1:59:22. Right on schedule! I knew most of my photo ops were behind me and I was picking it up so I wouldn’t have much trouble negative splitting if my untrained legs didn’t bonk.  We came out of Animal Kingdom, passed the 14th mile marker, and then came around to one of my favorite photo stops, the graveyard! This year, I went for a zombie style photo, but it didn’t come out as well as I’d have liked. 
Mile 15 came right up after that and the rest of these highway miles ticked off like nothing. Unfortunately, I didn’t see one of my other favorite photo ops, Phineas and Ferb, along this stretch where they typically are.

As we made the turn towards ESPN Wide World of Sports, I was feeling pretty good and my splits had dropped down in to the low 8s. As we entered into Wide World of Sports, I took my second gel. Typically, I take one every five miles, but I only ended up taking two this whole race. I just wasn’t really feeling like I’d need them.

Wide World of Sports has a ton of turns, but they’re not too bad if the course isn’t crowded and you’re not trying to PR. We did our lap around the track and then into the stadium with lots of energy. Heading into the stadium I passed Joy and Sadness! And there wasn't a single person in line! I had to snatch that photo up!  I was feeling good as we crossed 20 miles, but I was starting to feel like I had to poop a little bit. I had done some mental math through this section and realized if I kept going as I was, a 3:45 finish was possible. It was going to be close, but I could push for it. 
This is the last quiet section of the course and the section I consider to be the last part you have to worry about.

Coming out of Wide World of Sports, we hit a wall of wind in our faces. This was the only part of the race where the wind was even something I noticed, but it was stupid.

As we passed 21, I was starting to tire a lot, but that was probably more due to the fact that my pace dropped into the 7:40s for this whole section rather than stay steady where it was in the low 8s.

This section also features the last two hills of the course. The first of which is probably the worst one of the whole race. It’s _really_ not that bad, but it’s a highway onramp so it’s banked and a big wide turn. This is the point of the race that I always think of as the “just gotta get past here” point.

After nearly a mile, we hit that second little hill which was smaller than I remembered. After that, we made our turn into Hollywood Studios! Nothing but fun from here on out!

 

As I mentioned above, the Hollywood Studios section was different this year because of the construction. This year, we entered over by Fantasmic…ish. The course followed some of the walkway between Sunset Blvd and where the amphitheater is and popped us out behind Tower of Terror where the ride lets you out. The park was open by now so you could have taken a quick detour to the Twilight Zone, if you wanted. From here, we ran down Sunset Blvd to Hollywood Blvd. This was actually a really cool change to the course. As much as I LOVE Streets of America (RIP), this might be even better.

After we got back onto Hollywood Blvd, the course was the same as ever. We exited by the front of the park and made our way over to the walkway along the river towards the Crescent Lake resorts and Epcot.

By this point, I was passing runners left and right, but I was ready for the race to be over. As we approached the Beach and Yacht Club, I started looking for Danielle who was cheering outside of our room. We spotted each other at the same time and as I flew on by, I yelled “I gotta poop!!!” at her. The people around her didn’t know how to handle this. 
The section along Crescent Lake quickly ended and I was feeling exhausted, but powering through with what I had left in me. I really was trying to get under 3:45! Of course, the Boardwalk along the Beach and Yacht Club here is where the "you're almost there!"s started. Oof. I must have heard it a dozen times before even getting into Epcot. Seriously, folks, don't say this if the finish line isn't within eyesight.

As we turned into the World Showcase, I knew the 25th mile marker was just on the other side of the UK Pavilion as we crossed into France. I lapped my watch for a 7:29 mile here and told myself it was just 1.2 to go.

The countries ticked off as we traveled around the world on our way to Mexico and then into Futureworld. The final bit. As we passed under Spaceship Earth, I looked for the 26th mile marker and lapped my watch for a 7:21. I was shocked I had just run my fastest mile of the day with how I was feeling for the last couple of miles. 
We exited the park and there was the beautiful finish line staring me down. I heard my name called by the announcers and then sailed across the finish line.

3:43:29!
 
Last year, I dry-heaved at the finish and thought I was going to throw up for the last 10k. The year before, I thought I was going to shit my pants for the last 10k and thought it was all going to come out the moment I stopped running. This year, I didn’t feel either. I had to poop, but it wasn't an emergency...yet. Whew!

I collected my marathon, Dopey, Goofy, and half marathon medals (runners of the challenges got their half medal here) and then stopped for some photos before hopping on a bus back to the resort. Now, my body has collected itself a little and that poop was ready to come out. I barely got back to the room in time. It was a real photo finish!  After I got in the shower, I was dismayed to find out that I had forgotten to put Body Glide on my lower back to protect from my shorts' waistband. Oiselle's Distance Shorts are great for marathons because of their three pockets, but their waistband will fuck you up if you're not careful. While I did put Body Glide on my thighs, I had also forgotten to do under my bra, but that somehow escaped unscathed.

That night, we met up with the We Are Awesome Runner Friends group at Whispering Canyon Cafe at the Wilderness Lodge where we pigged out on delicious food and PRed in milkshakes. And Lauren drank two liters of Diet Coke.  

I’m _really, really_ happy with my time for this race. Not only was this a 16.5 minute course record for me, but I negative split by 15 minutes. And this is my second fastest marathon since transitioning. If I hadn’t run Chicago back in October, this would have been a PR.

I had a lot of fun with Dopey this year. While doing four races over four days that all start at 5:30am is stressful, these races are a lot of fun and really enjoyable.  Finally, one additional change that Disney made this year was to start using their own photographers for race photos. No more MarathonFoto. The great part about this is it enables you to add them to your Disney PhotoPass and they start showing up pretty quickly after the race. My guess is Disney is using a lot of facial recognition software here to pull this off, which also explains how I have some photos where you can't see my bib at all. But the best part about this change is that Annual Passholders get their PhotoPass photos for free so FREE RACE PHOTOS!

Finally finally, I ran the entire Dopey Challenge, all 48.6 miles, with my phone in my hand. I don't typically run with it and being an iPhone 7 Plus, it's too big for any pockets so it had to stay in my hand. Anyway, it wasn't an issue at all until two hours after the marathon when it fell out of my jacket pocket and the screen cracked. ACK!

Wait, one more finally! I really loved the medals from the races this year. The retro style of the marathon and half marathon medals was fantastic!

It's marathon time. I guess. Well, not I guess, actually. It _is_ marathon time. Tomorrow. Oof.

For the most part, training went better than I had expected, but one part of marathoning that I'm really bad at is managing the nerves leading up to the race. I've be super stressed about it for the last two weeks. This is typical for me, but this time around it's even worse.

I got a later start running consistently again after surgery than I hoped so my base wasn't anywhere near where I wanted it to be by the time I started my training. I adjusted for this as much as I could with my plan and put together one of the least aggressive training plans I've ever done.

After a few weeks of training, though, my body started to really fall into sync. I was kicking ass on my runs and feeling pretty good. I run by effort rather than by trying to hit certain paces and it was turning out that my runs were overall much faster than I thought I could run at all effort levels.

As training progressed, my goal for the race started to move from "probably just want to be around 3:40" to BQ to "I don't think 3:28 is impossible." My training runs were faster than they have been for any marathon training cycle since Chicago 2012, which was before I transitioned. I was pleasantly surprised with that. 
I should make a clarification here, though. My mid-week runs were great. Even my longest, hardest runs during the week were beyond solid. By the end, I was crushing nine and ten milers at paces near my 5k PR. In fact, I had a 7-miler during a step back week that was a faster overall pace than my 5k PR and I felt fantastic doing it. Even my stupidly easy effort runs were quick despite some of the lowest heart rates I've since on runs since I started monitoring it.

What wasn't consistently great were my long runs. Some were good. One was _really_ good. Most were eh. And a couple were "god fucking dammit." One of my 17-milers got split into two runs, a morning one and an afternoon one. And my 19-miler was cut at 11 because I was feeling terrible in every way and gave up. And my last long run, a 21-miler, didn't happen at all.

Three weeks out from marathon day, I ran a half marathon. This was built into my training plan from the beginning. The race was on a 20-mile day and I ran 10k before it to cover most of the extra miles and then another mile after. The race went really well. I ran faster than I expected. Unfortunately, I also ran faster than planned and than I should have. I was sore afterwards, but I chalked it up to DOMS and then continued into my peak week of training without making adjustments to properly recover. I did my runs at an slightly easier effort, but I didn't adjust my mileage or run _as_ easy as I should have. By the end of the week I was still sore and started to have some pain on the outside of my right thigh. I massaged it a lot, but that seemed to only make matters worse. Come the Sunday following my race, I knew running a long run was going to be a bad idea. The pain had moved down along the length of my IT band from my hip down into my knee. I decided to take three days completely off. I wasn't thrilled about losing a 21-miler, but avoiding injury is priority number one and I'd rather risk my time than risk my ability to run at all.

In addition to skipping a couple of runs, I also made an appointment with a sports physical therapist who is also a runner right away. I didn't want to mess around. I got three appointments in with her where she mostly focused on massaging my _very_ tight legs. With less than two weeks to go, there wasn't time for much else. Just massage, foam rolling, and a few exercises to loosen things up. It definitely helped, but physical therapy isn't magic. 
My runs during taper have been very easy effort, but my legs have been tired and garbagy. It's really hard to feel out where they're at right now. There is still some soreness in some spots, but the pain has mostly settled in behind the top couple inches of my IT band. This is the same place I had problems four years ago going into Chicago, but this is a bit more intense.

Ultimately, it feels okay enough to run on. I know it's going to be uncomfortable during the race and recovery is going to be a bit harder and longer, but DNSing doesn't feel like the necessary move here. I might just be being stubborn about it, but my physical therapist doesn't seem too worried about it as far as my decision to run.

This does affect my goal a lot though. Missing that last long run after having a couple others not go well worries me for the last 10k of the race. My overall milage through training was lower than I normally do so I don't have much confidence that my legs are ready for the distance.

I still haven't fully decided exactly what my exact plan is for tomorrow yet. If I hadn't developed this issue and had done my last long run, I'd be shooting for 3:30 as my A goal with a stretch of 3:27 or 3:28. Now I'm leaning more towards a 3:33 with 3:30 as my stretch, 3:37 as my B goal, and 3:40 as my C goal. This is still not fully decided though.

Boston 2018 is the day after my 35th birthday so I get an extra five minutes on my qualifying time. 3:40 will qualify me, but it's looking like 3:37 is the slowest I can go to have a decent chance of actually getting in, based on the last few years.

I had thought about pulling back my goals a lot for this race and not actually _racing_ it, but looking at how my race schedule is coming along for the spring (and with Dopey in January), it looks like this might be my last chance to make a BQ attempt before next fall. To be fair, a BQ attempt wasn't really on the table when I started training. I didn't think it'd be a reality at all, but my training makes me feel like a goal for a _race_ any slower than BQ time would be selling myself short.

In the end, I hope to play it smart tomorrow and listen to my body. Not being injured is the most important thing so if my assessment is wrong, I need to be smart and stop. The key will be starting out slow and not taking off at the start like I always do no matter how hard I try not to. If I can have a slow start for the first couple of miles, I can feel things out and then hopefully stay stronger throughout the rest of the race. A lot of this race may be a play-by-ear situation.
